[Tsubakiko]
[???]
[Woman]
[Suzumu]
[Girls]
[Natsuya]
[Hinagata]
[Toé]
[Boys]
[Voice]
[Me]
[Sho]
[Delinquents]
[Delinquent]
[Blob]
[Teacher]
[Girl]
[Man]
[Mr. Kurokami]
[People]
[Ssech King]
[Rabbit]
[Kanae]
[Audience]
[Youth]
[Queen Bee]
[Mrs. Harumiya]
[Mr. Harumiya]
[Lily]
[Stuffed Animal]
[Riria]
[Cheer]
[Reporter]
[Member]
[Members]
[Fans]
[Fan]
[Counselor]
[Kid]
[Delinquent Girl]
[Blob]
[Father]
[Youths]
[Mutsu]
[Azusa Priestess]
[Elderly Woman]
[Suzunome]
[Kids]
[Villagers]
[Mayor]
[Doe]
[Buck]
[Employee]
[Doctor]
[Family Head]
[Girl]
[Office Worker]
[Hatter]
[Worker]
[Cop]
[Mr. Tanaka]
[Kanae's Mother]
[Elice]
[Teacher]
[Classmate]
[Staff]
[Mr. Nunokawa]
[Shadow]
[Teacher]
[Obese Man]
[Older Man]
[Teachers]
[Mr. Daddy]
[Obese Man]
[Parishioners]
[Workers]
[Curse]
[Delinquent 1]
[Delinquent 2]
[Delinquent 3]
[Lord]
[Riria/Lily]
[All]
[???]
[Female Student N]
[Male Student]
[Female Student A]
[Female Student B]
[Female Student]
[Students]
[Mom]
Noroihime: Curse Princess
And here I'd figured he'd be the one embarrassed to show up late.
⑳So much for playing it cool, huh.⑳
I let my enthusiasm get the better of me and arrived too early.
I would've felt guilty otherwise, making him wait at some station he'd never visited after the long trip here.
⑳Wonder how tall Suzumu is. Couldn't really tell from the photo.⑳
Suzumu was my distant relative. Like me, he was sixteen and a junior in high school.
Starting this spring, he would be living here in Susuda, going to the same school as me, too.
He said he'd know where my place was, but normally you pick people up at the station, right?
Still, though, that was no excuse for my premature arrival.
⑳It sure'd be nice if he got in a little early.⑳
He seemed like the punctual type, so I figured he'd be more likely to get here five minutes ahead of time. There was no way he'd show up an hour early.
Yet I had to go and get the brilliant idea to show up over an hour ahead of schedule anyway.
I wasn't trying to get that carried away, but...
...honestly, it just kind of happened.
Killing time at a chic coffee shop would be ideal for this sort of situation.
But, well, I didn't want to waste over 300 yen of my meager allowance on a single cup of coffee.
So there I was, leaning against a pillar in front of the ticket gate, looking like a fool as I stared off into space.
⑳...⑳
At first, I was worried about my hair looking funny, like I was waiting for my first date or something.
But those silly feelings passed after a while.
Eventually, I found myself simply staring blankly at the bustling crowds of people, my mind as blank and staticky as a TV tuned to a dead channel.
No matter how much I checked my phone, it wouldn't change the fact that I still had another fifty or so minutes to go.
It'd be nice if I could find a game or something to pass the time.
But since I was still recharging MP in WanyaDora, I couldn't play it for another twelve hours.
⑳Personally, I think you'd be surprised how popular a spot train stations are for suicides.⑳
All of a sudden, my channel locked onto a single voice speaking amidst the crowds.
The voice appeared to be that of a young office worker all by herself, perhaps talking on the phone.
⑳Getting to any of the really big spots is a journey in and of itself, isn't it?⑳
⑳It takes a lot of courage, resolve, and even time.⑳
⑳I mean, have you ever thought of how much work it takes to get all the way out to Aokigahara?⑳
⑳First you've got to look into how to get there, hop on a train, switch line after line, and then walk all the way up there.⑳
⑳And all that just to kill yourself? Don't you think simply hanging yourself at home would be much easier?⑳
She was discussing a rather morbid topic with the same energy one would the latest fashions and trends.
That said, I had to admit it was fascinating.
⑳But even hanging yourself isn't all that simple. Most people don't have anything thick enough to do the job lying around, do they?⑳
Now that she mentioned it, I couldn't think of anything at my place that could support my weight.
Going to the store to get a rope or something just to hang yourself seemed like a real fast way to kill the mood.
Yeah, even just hanging yourself took effort.
⑳You need to find both the right incentive and the right timing to kill yourself. Just like confessing to your first crush, wouldn't you say?⑳
That was quite the simile.
It was in no way a funny topic, yet I almost giggled.
The days of seppuku were long in the past, so most suicides these days were done on impulse.
With that, I saw what she was getting at about train stations being suicide hotspots.
⑳Train stations are places everyone uses in their day-to-day lives, whether they're young or old.⑳
⑳And no matter how busy you are, waiting on the platform for the train to come is a good time to reflect on yourself.⑳
And so in those few minutes waiting for the train, it could cross your mind how easy it would be to just end it all.
Train platforms were truly a wonder in that sense.
If the thought of killing yourself passed through your head, you wouldn't even need to prepare anything special.
All it would take is a few steps toward the edge of the platform.
Sure, you'd have to wait for a train first, but those arrived every few minutes during the busy hours.
A desire to die and a few minutes of spacing out. That was all you needed.
And it was all just a hop, skip, and a jump away.
⑳It's the best suicide spot there is, don't you think?⑳
⑳So quick and easy. Just as close as a convenience store or karaoke bar.⑳
⑳If you're tired, you go buy an energy drink. If you're stressed, you go sing, right? I feel like train stations are kinda the same.⑳
So in other words, when you're tired of life, it should be okay to treat the idea of killing yourself almost casually. That's what she was saying.
Suicide was supposed to be really tragic and serious, right?
Yet this woman was talking about how death shouldn't be considered that big of a deal.
Like cutting your hair short for a change of pace. Or splurging on a fantastic overseas vacation.
In other words, resetting your life should be treated just as lightly as all of that.
I didn't know if it was because I was sleepy or what, but her words felt like they were awakening something awfully new and fascinating inside me.
⑳Yeah, you're right.⑳
⑳Maybe you don't have to be at the end of your rope to consider suicide after all.⑳
Like how you might just change up your hair after a breakup.
Or how you might treat yourself to a makeover or a new purse on a whim.
Maybe it really should be treated as casually as that.
⑳You know, I think the word 'suicide' is a bit too extreme.⑳
⑳Yeah...⑳
⑳When really, it feels just as rejuvenating as having a spa day to exfoliate and boost your metabolism!⑳
⑳So maybe we shouldn't go as far as to say we're 'killing ourselves'...⑳
⑳...but instead, that we're 'rejuving our lives.' Don't you think that has a wonderful ring to it?⑳
⑳Rejuving our lives, huh...⑳
Yeah, that did have real nice ring to it.
It was only then that I realized the woman had been talking to me.
She was leaning against the other side of the pillar.
I turned around and locked eyes with her.
She was an older woman in her twenties or so, with stunning long hair and a somewhat compassionate aura around her.
⑳It's a real eye-opener, I'll tell you.⑳
⑳It never hits you until right then just how easy it is.⑳
⑳You feel like such an idiot for having worried over nothing for so long.⑳
⑳Have, you, uh, ever rejuved yourself?⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
She answered as if I had simply asked for the time.
(Wait. Hold on a second...)
I felt as though my entire world had been turned upside-down.
I grew as dizzy as if heaven and earth had been inverted, and the sounds of the crowds around me grew deafening—as though someone had turned up the volume on them.
All of a sudden, I found myself at the very front of a crowded platform.
Beyond where the waiting line would usually start.
I wasn't even a full step away from going over the edge.
But there was a sea of people behind me.
It was as packed as a can of sardines. Trying to force them back did no good, and if I tried to push my way through them, they pushed back just as hard.
⑳Go on, look down.⑳
I heard the woman close by, but I couldn't see her.
I didn't plan on listening to her, but a push from behind instinctively drew my eyes to my feet.
I was stunned by what I found...
⑳...⑳
Where there should have been gravel and train tracks was instead a vast blue sky, spreading out as far as the eye could see.
Beautiful fields of clouds adorned that light-blue sea.
It was like I was looking down from a floating island.
No, wait... Those clouds seemed familiar.
They were just like those towering cumulonimbus clouds I had seen one summer when I was a kid, lying on a field in a nature park.
That's right, there wasn't a sky below me—the sky I had looked up at on that day was under my eyes.
And just as soon as I realized that, I felt as though gravity had been turned on its head.
My chest grew light with the desire to be sucked into that blue ocean.
Like that feeling you get when you finally reach the top of a tall slide after waiting in a long line.
⑳Come along.⑳
⑳But...⑳
⑳There's no need to be scared. It's easy, really.⑳
⑳You'll feel like a fool for ever worrying about it.⑳
The woman appeared before me, holding her hand out to me. I had no idea how she got there without me noticing.
Almost like she'd walked up to me as I lay gazing at the sky on that field, inviting me to go with her.
And it wasn't just her.
There were other women there—her friends or coworkers, maybe—along with men in suits.
Though it felt like they were inviting me to a barbecue or something, they looked so out of place in the suits that it felt kinda silly to me.
⑳But... that means...⑳
Jumping off the platform... right?
But... there was an announcement signaling the arrival of the next train.
And yet everyone was coaxing me over to them, their faces plastered with blissful smiles.
Almost like they were telling me I'd miss the train if I didn't hurry.
But couldn't they hear that screeching of metal against tracks? The train was coming.
I couldn't. I couldn't jump. If I did, I'd...
⑳Come on, hurry up.⑳
⑳Don't be scared. It doesn't hurt.⑳
⑳Hurry, hurry...⑳
⑳You're going to miss it...⑳
Everyone said that as they reached out and waved to me.
Like telling me I'd miss out on all the fun if I didn't come along.
But they were asking the impossible. Because...
Hadn't they all been...
...crushed to pieces?
Their hands, feet, and heads... were all crushed to pieces, weren't they?
There was no blue sky. Just a blanket of scattered stone, dyed reddish-brown by the elements and rust.
Faded metal rails, like prison bars, reaching out into the distance.
It was from there that the dead moaned, pushing through the track ballast as they desperately reached out to me.
Their own buried hell beneath the stone. Its residents doomed to be crushed under the weight of each passing train, unnoticed by the living day after day.
The mutilated dead moaned there in agony as they desperately sought new companions.
One of them had become nothing more than a partially crushed head. Another's outstretched hand had fallen right off their arm.
An indecipherable jumble of hands and feet squeezed through the stones as they beckoned me over.
Chills ran through me from head to toe.
I wanted to back away, but the sea of people behind were pushing back just as hard against me—no, even harder.
(S-Stop... I'm g-gonna fall...)
However, they were clearly winning.
My toes had already stretched out past the platform and were trembling in mid-air.
I stretched my arms as far as they could go, grabbed on to someone behind me, and held on for dear life.
But the encroaching wall of flesh kept pushing. By this point, my heels were already halfway over the platform.
The eyes of the mechanical carnivore gleamed as it grew closer.
The train rushed forward, crushing the moaning dead underfoot as it did.
The screams of the damned joined in chorus with the metallic screeching as the train approached with its fierce velocity.
(I-It'll swallow me whole if I don't get out of the way...)
But just then, I found myself dancing in mid-air.
At that moment, the stone graveyard of the suffering dead suddenly transformed into that magnificent sky once again.
I couldn't tell if I was falling or floating.
⑳Congratulations, congratulations...⑳
Everyone stood on that field of grass under the sky, their arms raised as if in celebration, and waited for me.
I fell gently into their clutches.
⑳Aaah, aaah...⑳
Almost like I was light as a feather.
Their countless hands caught me comfortably.
⑳See? That wasn't so scary, now, was it?⑳
⑳Aah...⑳
⑳Welcome to our world.⑳
⑳We're happy to have you. After all, no one can hear us.⑳
⑳Hee hee hee hee hee...⑳
⑳There is no pain or suffering here.⑳
⑳Nor sorrow, nor anger.⑳
⑳No irritation or frustration either.⑳
⑳They're all things of the past here.⑳
⑳Hah hee heh. Of course, the same goes for hope, salvation, resurrection, and rebirth!⑳
⑳Heh ha ha hee hee, heh hee ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, ha haha ha ha hee hee!⑳
The transient illusion was all a lie.
The sky, clouds, field, and people who'd welcomed me all vanished.
I was lying on the rails, bound tight by the countless hands.
That's right—I was a sacrifice to the steel behemoth.
*screech* *smash*
My body was gnawed down to nothing by the jaws of the train in the blink of an eye.
All my bones broke with a sound akin to the crunching of a candy bar.
I heard that with the ear remaining on my severed head.
Naturally, not even my severed head could escape those steel jaws, of course.
Hee hee hee. Who would've thought that sound could be music to one's ears?
*crunch* *smash*
What a pleasant sound. Like sinking your incisors into the skin of a crisp candied apple.
It was a bit of a surprise to discover how gratifying it was, hee hee, to have my body devoured.
Deep down, I understood it was an evil, detestable temptation.
But, heh heh heh, being so thoroughly gnawed at was a sensation both satisfying and amusing beyond comprehension.
You know how it feels good when you're stretching and you feel your joints crack?
Well, try picturing that, but all over your body, like goosebumps, and it keeps happening over and over again. Then you might understand.
Heh heh hee hee hee. *crunch* *smash*
I knew, of course, that I shouldn't get into that kind of pleasure.
But by that point, my body had been reduced to little more than an assortment of paste and limbs strewn across the rails.
Heh heh heh, *crunch* *smash*, ha ha ha ha, hee hee hee...
What little there was left of me was being dragged under the trackbed.
A world of crushed limbs and innards.
But it seemed that wasn't enough to kill them. Agonized moans filled the air.
Hee hee hee, I understood. This was liberation.
I didn't have to remember my day-to-day life any longer.
I didn't have to keep spacing out and waiting without end.
...Waiting?
Hold on. Why did I come to the station again?
...Oh well. Who cared?
It didn't matter anymore.
Oh, another train was coming.
*screech* *crunch* *smash*
The wheels of the train crushed hundreds more limbs and torsos and organs.
Hee hee hee hee ha ha ha heh heh heh, *crunch* *smash*, hee hee ha ha ha ha ha hee hee...
A blinding light gradually intruded on my ecstasy, and all traces of thought came to an end...
⑳Hey, are you okay?⑳
⑳*pant* *pant*⑳
⑳*pant*⑳
Tsubakiko panted as she returned to reality.
She was leaning against the pillar in front of the station, waiting for Suzumu. That was still the same.
But one thing was different—time had advanced to the point of Suzumu's arrival.
⑳Suzumu...⑳
⑳You looked like you were in pain just now.⑳
⑳Did I?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Mmm, maybe I drifted off...⑳
Tsubakiko gave a slight nod as she suggested that perhaps she'd been spacing out for so long, she'd had a waking dream.
⑳Are you all right? Do you want to rest a bit?⑳
⑳I'm fine, I'm fine. I just spaced out a bit, really.⑳
⑳Did you have a bad dream or something?⑳
⑳Hmm...⑳
Dreams can sometimes be so clear that they feel real when you're in them.
Yet in most cases, you barely remember what they were about the moment you wake up.
Tsubakiko couldn't put it into words. All she knew was that it was a bizarre, grotesque daydream.
She couldn't recall anything more than that.
But as she stared at Suzumu's face, her mind started clearing up.
She could feel herself returning to reality, the daydream being driven away in a flash.
She'd already completely forgotten that fantastical delusion that'd taken hold of her.
People don't tend to retain every detail of the daydreams or fantasies they might have when spacing out, after all.
Fantasies like this happen all the time.
⑳Sorry. I got here a little early, so I must've dozed off.⑳
⑳Oh, how early are we talking?⑳
⑳A-About an hour, maybe?⑳
⑳Wow, that's amazing. You waited for me that long?⑳
⑳I-I wasn't really waiting for you or anything!⑳
⑳I just, uh, happened to get here a bit early, that's all! Whatever, boys aren't supposed to get caught up on that sort of stuff, anyway!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Ha ha ha. You're funny, Kiko.⑳
⑳Well, I'd feel bad if a country boy like you got lost at the station!⑳
⑳So I came here early and waited! Do you understand?! Do you?!⑳
⑳But if I had gotten lost, wouldn't I be running late instead...?⑳
⑳I-Is that all your stuff? I'll take one of your bags!⑳
⑳Oh, no, that's okay. They're heavy.⑳
⑳It's no problem, no problem! Wait... whoa!⑳
Tsubakiko snatched Suzumu's travel bag out of his grasp, only to drop it to her feet with a thud.
⑳What's in this thing?! It weighs a ton!⑳
⑳See? I told you.⑳
⑳You didn't look like you were having any trouble with it, so I thought it'd be light!⑳
⑳Is your backpack any lighter? I'll carry that instead!⑳
⑳It's okay, really. Besides, it's heavier than the bag.⑳
⑳...Man, Suzumu, you sure are strong.⑳
⑳W-Well, you are a boy, after all!⑳
⑳Wait, that's right, you do martial arts, don't you?⑳
⑳Just my arms, really.⑳
⑳You look as thin as you used to, but wow, you've really grown!⑳
⑳Same with you.⑳
⑳I can't believe how cute you've gotten.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Y-You think so?! Thanks! I'm happy to hear that, even if you're just trying to be nice.⑳
⑳I'm not just being nice. I meant every word.⑳
⑳Th-Thanks. Well, I am a girl, you know. I work hard every day to be cute as a cute little button!⑳
There wasn't a single hint of flattery in Suzumu's compliments, making Tsubakiko even more embarrassed.
Her heart was all aflutter at the thought that Suzumu might turn out to be one heck of a ladykiller.
His full name was Suzumu Susuhara.
Just like Tsubakiko, he was sixteen years old and in 11th grade.
He would be going to the same school as her starting in April.
As per family tradition, he would start living on his own from this year onwards.
His large backpack and traveling bag contained his personal belongings and the like.
That said, he was still a minor, so it wasn't like he would be truly living on his own just yet.
The Harumiyas—Tsubakiko and her parents—would be taking care of him.
Suzumu and Tsubakiko were relatives.
However, they were six times removed, so they could hardly be considered close in terms of blood ties.
What's more, the two hadn't seen each other since their great-grandfather's funeral over a decade ago.
Their parents had told them each how the other was doing, but this was the first time in so long they were truly meeting face to face.
Despite that, they didn't feel like strangers at all. Family ties truly are a curious thing.
Even if today had been their first meeting, Tsubakiko wouldn't have been opposed to welcoming him into the family at all. It was strange, but that was just how close she felt to him.
⑳Ready to go?⑳
⑳Huh? What's with the commotion?⑳
The station employees were in a fluster.
The teenagers exiting the station were rambling on about something, their faces pale.
⑳It sounds like someone jumped. And just now, too.⑳
⑳Whoa, seriously? That's creepy.⑳
⑳They're saying an office lady in her 20s with long hair jumped right into a train.⑳
...An office lady in her 20s, with long hair.
⑳Oh my god. That's awful.⑳
⑳How terrible. Death doesn't solve anything.⑳
⑳...Maybe she was rejuving her life.⑳
⑳Huh? What's that?⑳
⑳Huh? Did I say something?⑳
For a moment, images of a field under a blue sky and a woman with an unsettling smile flashed through Tsubakiko's mind.
But they faded into the fog of oblivion just as soon as they'd appeared.
After all, it was pointless to remember daydreams...
⑳So this is where you live, huh?⑳
My father considered living alone to be a trial of sorts for me.
For generations, men of the Susuhara family had lived independently after reaching a certain age.
Only once one had trained his body and mind, without relying on others, was he considered a full-fledged adult.
I'd eagerly awaited this opportunity for as long as I could remember.
That was why I'd studied up on all sorts of things in preparation for this day. So I could live on my own.
The thought of finally being able to put all that to the test excited me beyond words.
⑳Here you go. This is the key for your place. You're in room 202 on the second floor.⑳
⑳Thanks. My own place, huh? I'm starting to get pretty excited now.⑳
Kiko's family, the Harumiyas—oh, ⑳Kiko⑳ being Tsubakiko.
Her full name was Tsubakiko Harumiya.
Anyway, Kiko's family, the Harumiyas, were landlords who owned several apartment complexes in Susuda.
This quaint two-story apartment complex, ⑳Residence Harumiyan II,⑳ was one of them.
And I would be living here.
I opened the door to find a futon and stacks of cardboard boxes containing daily necessities waiting for me. The deliverymen had already made their rounds.
⑳Wow, that's a lot more stuff than I was picturing.⑳
⑳I kinda had it in my head that guys just stuffed their things into one bag and that was it.⑳
⑳My mom said I'd be cooking for myself, so she sent stuff like a frying pan and a hot pot.⑳
⑳Wait, you can cook?⑳
⑳Yeah. That's the plan. Though I wouldn't call myself a master chef or anything.⑳
⑳What about you? Can you cook?⑳
⑳Hee hee hee! I may not look like it, but my dream is to be a pretty, pretty wife someday!⑳
⑳And what kind of wife would I be if I didn't learn how to cook?⑳
⑳Eheh heh, I'm gonna blow your mind with some delicious, delicious home cooking!⑳
⑳Wow, that sounds great. I'd like to try some of that.⑳
⑳Just leave it to me! I want to find out what guys like, so you'd be doing me a favor, too! Heh heh!⑳
Kiko nodded along, her eyes gleaming and her smile beaming.
It seemed she'd been looking forward to living near a boy her age, what with being in the midst of adolescence and all.
⑳By the way, I'm in 201. Right next door.⑳
⑳Also, the walls are thin, so if you even dare to eavesdrop and hear any of my little lady secrets, I'll slaughter you, you got it?⑳
⑳I'd never do that.⑳
I mentioned it might be easier to unpack with a box cutter and scissors.
So Kiko left the room, saying she'd go get them.
With the bright and cheery Kiko gone, a somewhat chilly stillness filled the room.
The place hadn't been renovated, so there were faint traces of the previous owner's existence still lingering about.
Replacing that with my presence and making the place my own would be among the great pleasures of living alone.
But until then, I'd just have to put up with a bit of discomfort.
⑳Huh?⑳
Just then...
...long, black hair gently tickled my cheek.
No.
It was just some falling dust. I looked up to the ceiling...
...and discovered it was pitch-black, like someone had painted it with soot.
It fell gently, like black snow.
When I came to my senses, I found myself in a pitch-black cloud, filled with that falling snow.
I couldn't see a thing.
However, I could sense many presences.
At that moment, I thought I could hear a female voice, reading out something like a sutra at length.
Her voice sounded youthful, but I couldn't see her anywhere.
Instead, a giant turquoise object shaped like a spindle—heavy and covered in rust—came into view.
It felt like the voice was coming from within it.
Many people were sitting around the object.
The lights of many candles flickered about, giving the affair a ritualistic atmosphere.
Candlelight danced in a cloud of black soot...
...illuminating the massive, conical mass.
I could hear the woman reading—no, praying? Singing?—inside it.
I couldn't help but wonder what in the world that thing was.
My eyes were gradually drawn into it.
The woman's chants broke into coughs from time to time.
My heart wrenched at that sound.
I felt like I was going to choke in the cloud of soot as well.
Before I knew it, that bizarre object loomed over me like a massive mountain...
...then swallowed and squashed my consciousness whole.
Susuda Prefectural High School, Class 2-A. My class.
Originally, the plan had been for me to transfer here a year ago, back when I was starting high school.
But my mother fell ill just before the entrance exams, so I had to stay and help around at home. As a result, I was delayed.
She eventually returned from the hospital with a clean bill of health, and so I finally started attending this school one year later.
At first, I was worried a transfer student like me would attract all sorts of attention and have a hard time.
But since there were so many students at this school and I transferred in right at the start of the school year, no one noticed.
That was to be expected. The freshmen had eight different classes, so there was no way the students would know everyone in their grade.
They all probably figured I had been in a different class last year. Just some classmate they hadn't bumped into until now.
So no one had any reason to think I was a transfer student unless I told them.
That made things much easier for me.
What's more, every day at this school wasn't just easy—it was actually pleasant. As for why...
Well, first of all, Kiko was in the same class.
⑳*yawn* Social studies is so boring.⑳
⑳I slept so much that I'm still sleepy. So sleepy, even though class is over.⑳
⑳Did you take notes? The teacher said it'd be on the test.⑳
⑳Wait, seriously?! O-Oh no!⑳
⑳You can copy my notes, if you'd like.⑳
⑳Yeah! Thank you, thank you, Suzumu!⑳
⑳Whoa, Su-Suzumu, your notes...⑳
⑳Huh? Is my handwriting bad?⑳
⑳Th-They're so girly!⑳
⑳Why's your handwriting so flowery? Look at how bubbly it is! It's too cute!⑳
⑳Really? Honestly, I find it embarrassing. It's like a kid's.⑳
⑳And there are so many drawings! Look at all the speech bubbles!⑳
⑳'This'll be on the test, all right!' 'Better meow-morize this part!'⑳
⑳Seriously, what -is- this?! It's unbelievable! You're more feminine than I am!⑳
Compared to mine, Kiko's handwriting was rather dull and simplistic.
Her boredom with school was palpable from her notes alone.
⑳Suzumu... I need to ask you...⑳
⑳How much would you be willing to sell these for?⑳
⑳I don't think so. It doesn't count as studying unless you write and memorize it yourself.⑳
⑳This isn't about studying! Just teach me your ways!⑳
⑳Huh?! These are Susuhara's notes?!⑳
⑳So cute! So easy to understand!⑳
For some reason, girls had always liked me. Not like I had a clue why.
But I had guy friends, too.
⑳That's Susuhara, all right! As great a man as always!⑳
⑳Just as there is always light in darkness, in every great man lies a touch of femininity!⑳
⑳You've got it all wrong...⑳
⑳No, don't be modest! I don't think you're effeminate at all!⑳
⑳I've made it my goal to absorb -all- your greatness! Behold! My notebook!⑳
⑳Whoa...⑳
Natsu proudly displayed his notebook, filled to the brim with drawings.
...Though it looked like he had more drawings than actual notes.
⑳Th-They're so ugly...⑳
⑳They're great and cute, right?! Even I was surprised by the femininity sleeping within me!⑳
⑳Yeah, they're cute. This one's a lion, right?⑳
⑳Close, but it's a cat! Meow!⑳
⑳I-I couldn't even tell it was a four-legged animal...⑳
⑳A colorful notebook is a fun notebook. You're amazing, Natsu.⑳
⑳Me? Nah, I've got a ways to go. But I'll reach your Greatness Grade one day yet!⑳
This was Natsuya Atsuta, my best friend.
He was a very unique and funny guy.
I don't know why, but he'd taken a liking to me ever since we met at the opening ceremony.
⑳Looks like you've got a ways to go too, Harumiya. Even I'm more feminine than you.⑳
⑳Y-You're the last person I wanna hear that from...⑳
⑳So, uh, I hear what you're saying, but I'm not sure I'm clear on what you two mean when you say I'm feminine.⑳
⑳No need to explain. It's just a part of your greatness!⑳
⑳Basically, I think you were born the wrong gender.⑳
⑳Do you know how much I've practiced doing my wifely duties just to get where I am now?!⑳
⑳That's right, practice is everything. I'll train to fill my notebook with even cuter drawings, too!⑳
⑳You shut up, Atsuta!⑳
⑳But still, Susuhara is like, so amazing!⑳
⑳He practices martial arts, right? I heard he's super strong.⑳
⑳Of course he is. He's not some delicate little flower.⑳
⑳What makes Susuhara so great is that he's got the strength of a man with the sensitivity of a girl.⑳
⑳True, he's got some real arm strength. Apparently he trains all the time.⑳
⑳That's not all. Take a look at his fists.⑳
⑳Those are the fists of a man who's been through some great battles.⑳
⑳Oh, they're just calloused, that's all. I'm using lotion on them, though.⑳
My father ran a martial arts dojo.
As a result, he had trained me ever since I was little.
Said training involved punching trees wrapped in straw and the like, so my hands were pretty roughed up.
Though I guess that might've made me stronger than the average person, too.
On the first day of school, I'd accidentally made eye contact with Natsuya, and he'd challenged me to an arm-wrestling match on the spot—which I won.
Afterwards, he said that was the first time he'd lost, that I'd caught his eye, and so on. He'd been fond of me ever since.
⑳I wanna train under Susuhara's old man and get stronger, too!⑳
⑳Then I'll be reborn as the Great Natsuya and smite evil with my bare fists!⑳
⑳My family style is a kind of martial arts, but it's not meant for fighting.⑳
⑳That's right! Martial arts aren't for fighting! They're for defending!⑳
⑳I knew I saw something in you, Susuhara! You really are a great man!⑳
⑳Ha ha, thank you.⑳
⑳Just you watch, Suzumu! I'll take super, super cute notes next class and show you just how feminine I can be!⑳
⑳Oh my, look at all these cute little drawings. Whose notebook is this?⑳
⑳Oh, it's Ms. Hinagata! Health class is next!⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata! It's Susuhara's notebook! Just look at it!⑳
⑳I can't believe a boy can take such cute notes! I'm so jealous!⑳
⑳Seriously, I'm not trying to make them cute or anything.⑳
⑳Susuhara loves to study, and this is just how he shows it.⑳
⑳Studying and life... are both just like white bread.⑳
⑳If you don't add anything to it, it'll always be bland. Right?⑳
⑳I get it! So that would make boring-ass social studies stale bread, wouldn't it?!⑳
⑳So that's why he adds all these cute drawings for that class!⑳
⑳I figured I'd enjoy social studies better if I did.⑳
⑳Adding a little spice to one's boring day-to-day life takes a real feminine touch, if you ask me. Now if only I could do the same.⑳
⑳I-I'm gonna do my best to learn how, too...⑳
⑳Woohoo! That's our Susuhara! He truly is great!⑳
⑳I wasn't drawing these to try and impress anyone, though...⑳
⑳Hee hee. And that's precisely what makes them so charming.⑳
⑳If you were trying to use them to pick up girls or something, you'd be one heck of a schemer. Heh heh.⑳
⑳A schemer?! So picking up girls was in your plans, too?! Susuhara, you truly are great!⑳
⑳I don't really get what's so great, but thanks for the compliment.⑳
⑳I wouldn't take that as a compliment...⑳
⑳Oh, there's the bell. Take your seats, everyone!⑳
⑳Next on the agenda is my super-duper fun health class!⑳
⑳I like Ms. Hinagata's classes. They're always interesting.⑳
⑳She sure is popular with the boys, huh. They must like her for her big boobs.⑳
⑳Of course! They're full of a man's hopes and dreams!⑳
⑳Bzzt, wrong. The correct answer was fat and mammary glands.⑳
⑳Nice, Kiko. You really are studying.⑳
Suzumu couldn't be happier with his school life.
He'd integrated perfectly into the class, and each day was just as satisfying as the last.
It wasn't just Suzumu, either.
Everyone in the class was happy. They were basking in the glory of their adolescent days.
Suzumu's classmates all took their seats as they reluctantly ended their conversations.
Everyone bowed as commanded to by the class representative, and the once-lively classroom fell silent yet again.
The silence was abruptly broken by the sound of the rear door opening, attracting the attention of the entire class.
2-A was a class where anyone could enjoy themselves.
Everyone there felt that way.
But there was one person they all avoided.
That someone was -her-.
⑳Kurokami. Take your seat, okay?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Hmm? What is it?⑳
⑳Go...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Haah...⑳
⑳I see. Take your seat. We're on page 38.⑳
Ms. Hinagata smiled as she responded, but it wasn't like they were carrying on a conversation.
Indeed, it was more like she was a mother responding to an infant's babble.
The girl's name was Toé Kurokami.
The only way to describe her would be ⑳a wonder.⑳
She staggered to the seat in the back of class next to the window like a ghost.
As she did, the rest of the class averted their eyes or pretended they didn't notice her.
None of them budged in the slightest until they heard her take her seat.
It bears repeating, but the only way to describe her would be ⑳a wonder.⑳
She always carried a Japanese doll with her, and never let it go for even a second.
There were whispers that it must be a cursed doll, whose hair grew longer when you weren't paying attention.
That said, there wasn't anything wondrous about it—it was just an eerie doll.
Many wondered if she was even allowed to bring it to school.
Yet no one said a word about it.
What's more, Toé never let go of the doll. Not even during classes.
Yet no one said a word about it.
Even though she never held a pencil or opened a textbook.
Even at that very moment, she just kept on holding the doll as she stared off into space.
But Ms. Hinagata didn't even try to reprimand her.
That went for the other teachers, too.
No matter what subject they were teaching, none of them told her to put it away.
Far from it—they said nothing even when she would suddenly rise to her feet and leave the classroom.
She'd even done so that very day, staggering out of the classroom at the very beginning of social studies.
Yet the social studies teacher hadn't reprimanded her.
Merely asked if she was going to the infirmary again.
Her head was in the clouds, regardless of the subject.
There was no way the school could allow that.
And yet the whole school allowed Toé Kurokami.
Her classmates would wonder if she was a ghost, or if the teachers couldn't see her.
The very notion was ridiculous, of course, but no one laughed.
For they understood she was an ominous presence they'd do best to not get involved with.
In spite of that, the class was getting used to her existence and strange habits.
April was almost at its end, and the whole class had already mostly stopped paying her any mind.
⑳Kurokami sure is strange, huh?⑳
⑳Leave her be.⑳
⑳I find it hard to believe she passed the entrance exam.⑳
Forget passing—no one could even imagine her holding a pencil.
Natsuya's comment was on point. It confounded the mind to envision how she had been allowed to join the school in the first place.
⑳It's because the Kurokamis are rich, right?⑳
⑳Maybe they used their great money-power to get her in through back channels or something.⑳
⑳You shouldn't say that.⑳
But everyone thought so.
No one believed she had been accepted through the proper channels.
The more one thought of her, the more of a mystery she became.
⑳She was like that all last year, too.⑳
⑳All she ever did was hold that doll and ignore classes.⑳
⑳Wouldn't she have trouble with tests and make-up lessons, then?⑳
⑳Guess there are exceptions to everything.⑳
⑳She never shows up to make-up lessons, and her name doesn't even show up on the test score rankings, I hear.⑳
⑳Yeah, same. I also hear the school just ignores her altogether.⑳
⑳...⑳
Indeed. They were ignoring her even now.
The teacher should have been able to see her from where she stood.
Yet she continued with the lesson like nothing was wrong.
That was very mysterious, and, depending on one's mindset, eerie.
He didn't exactly have much in common with her, so Suzumu hadn't really paid her any mind so far.
Every school has its own troublemakers and quirky students.
The types everyone ignores because it would be a pain to get involved with them.
Toé was certainly occupying that role. That had been his only evaluation of her.
But the more he thought now, the more conscious of her he became.
Suzumu had never felt this way before. It was bizarre.
Making sure the teacher wasn't watching, he looked back at Toé.
She was staring blankly at the ceiling.
She didn't so much as even glance at him.
Yet for some reason, Suzumu's gaze was drawn to her.
It wasn't exactly love at first sight.
But deep down, Suzumu felt an unrest that was similar, yet completely removed from it.
Was it anxiety... or a sense of responsibility?
A sense of duty that said he needed to do something, perhaps?
Not even Suzumu understood the strange feelings now roiling within him.
⑳...⑳
Toé Kurokami.
Just what was it about her?
⑳You look like you pity her. Are you thinking of talking to her?⑳
⑳Uh, no...⑳
⑳I'd stop, if I were you. I've heard some crazy rumors about her.⑳
⑳They say you'll be cursed if she ever makes eye contact with you.⑳
⑳That can't be true.⑳
⑳I heard there was a girl last year who felt bad for her and tried talking to her.⑳
⑳Oh yeah, I heard that one too.⑳
⑳What happened to her?⑳
⑳Apparently she went insane and stopped coming to school altogether.⑳
⑳They say she got possessed by an evil spirit and had to get exorcised.⑳
⑳I don't believe that.⑳
Tsubakiko and Natsuya's eyes widened.
⑳I admit she seems difficult to approach.⑳
⑳It's no surprise the others are a bit superstitious.⑳
⑳But you can't take rumors that seriously.⑳
⑳I'm a bit surprised.⑳
⑳You're a lot braver than I thought.⑳
⑳My parents taught me to never judge a book by its cover.⑳
⑳And I don't want to jump to conclusions about people I barely know, based on nothing but appearances and rumors.⑳
⑳When I was in grade school, people used to make fun of me for having an effeminate face.⑳
⑳I hated how they kept saying I was weak and unmanly.⑳
⑳Man, way to put a guy on the spot...⑳
Natsuya also had been convinced Suzumu was a weakling when he first met him.
He'd challenged him to that arm-wrestling match as a prank, only for his opinion to take a direct 180 after the boy had soundly defeated him.
Now realizing why Suzumu had taken up martial arts, Tsubakiko felt a little ashamed of herself.
⑳I think the way you're treated influences the person you become.⑳
⑳For all we know, she just acts like that because of how others treat her.⑳
⑳I see...⑳
⑳Maybe it'll turn out she's actually a good person once you get to talking with her.⑳
⑳Mmm...⑳
Even though it looked like they understood, it didn't seem like they wanted to talk to Toé Kurokami either way.
Apparently, it wouldn't be easy for them to erase the sinister impression of her they'd built up in their minds.
⑳I don't know why, but that feels like my duty as a transfer student.⑳
⑳Duty? Man, what another great thing to say...⑳
(I don't know what happened last year, but that may be exactly why I need to be the one who talks to her.)
A flame had been lit within Suzumu.
It was telling him to go talk to her.
Perhaps there was something she needed as well.
⑳Okay then, who shall I have read the next page... Atsuta?⑳
⑳Y-Yes! Uh, uh...!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You amaze me, Suzumu.⑳
⑳It's really admirable that you'd rather get to know someone instead of just believing in rumors.⑳
⑳I think it's only natural.⑳
⑳But haven't you ever heard the phrase 'fools learn from experience?'⑳
⑳No. What's that?⑳
⑳I don't know who said it. I just saw it on the internet.⑳
⑳'Fools learn from experience, the wise learn from history.'⑳
I'd never heard that before, but I could guess what it meant.
⑳If you jumped from the top of a ten-story building, you'd die. Everyone knows that.⑳
⑳But what you're saying is, you wouldn't believe that unless you tried it for yourself.⑳
⑳I think there are some times where we need to turn to mankind's collective wisdom to avoid getting hurt.⑳
⑳This isn't that big of a deal.⑳
⑳It's not going to kill me just to talk to her.⑳
⑳...That's true.⑳
⑳But everyone avoids her because they find her creepy.⑳
⑳You want to ignore everyone else's experiences and see what she's like for yourself.⑳
⑳But don't you think...⑳
⑳...you might be putting yourself in serious danger?⑳
⑳...⑳
It hadn't been that long since I'd reunited with Kiko, but I'd never seen her look so serious.
It was a shockingly stern expression, like the face a mother makes when scolding her child for trying to run out into the street when the light was red.
⑳I can feel it in my bones.⑳
⑳I don't think you should get mixed up with Kurokami.⑳
⑳Kiko...⑳
⑳I warned you... okay?⑳
This is rather sudden...
But my name is Yuuto Akagawa.
Not that you have to remember it. Everyone only calls me by my nickname.
What sort of nickname is that? Fattygawa.
If you asked the rest of the class about me, they'd say I was everyone's favorite laughingstock. The kind of person everyone makes fun of.
You see those on variety shows all the time, right?
Where the comedians get put through bizarre punishments and everyone laughs at them?
Well, that was me. I was always the butt of such jokes.
That day was no different.
A comedian got stripped down to just his underwear, and had embarrassing things written all over him with felt markers.
The people on TV all had a good laugh.
The viewers probably did the same.
But I never laughed. I just felt sympathy for the comedian, seeing them like that.
No, not sympathy. Fear.
Because I knew...
...that would be me tomorrow.
⑳Hey, Fatty! Fattygawa! Let's play word chain!⑳
⑳We're friends, right? So c'mon, let's play!⑳
When lunch break came around, a bunch of crass guys would always force me to play with them.
I was by no means popular.
And though they called it playing, I was the only one getting played with.
⑳Then I'll start! I'll go with the 'f' in 'fatty!' Flame!⑳
⑳Okay, now it's time for 'e!' C'mon, Fatty!⑳
⑳Five, four, three, two, one, zero! Fatty loses!⑳
They were just looking for an excuse to put me through humiliating punishments for losing.
It would go on until I lost, and recently they'd been coming up with unfair reasons to knock me out right off the bat.
If I didn't play along, or if I showed any displeasure, they'd get really violent.
So all I could do was force a smile and take it.
Better to be their plaything than their punching bag.
Yes... This was better.
⑳Hey Fatty, strip! C'mon, hurry up!⑳
See what I mean?
I'd already resigned myself to this last night, so I was calm about it.
They all tugged at my clothes, trying to force them off.
It'd be a pain if I fought back only to lose a button, so I just gave an embarrassed smile and stripped myself.
And once I was reduced to my briefs and shoes, they brought a marker out of nowhere. Called it.
But it was an oil-based one. Getting this off wouldn't be easy.
⑳Relax, it'll come off once you take a bath!⑳
⑳Eww, you're covered in sweat! The marker's slipping! Gross!⑳
They wrote all sorts of nasty comments on my stomach, back, thighs, and even briefs.
And then they cackled. Just like the people on TV.
But here, no comedic music would play to soften the blow.
My parents didn't care about me. Figures, given I was a wimp who'd been bullied his whole life.
If they knew I was getting bullied, they'd just hit me and yell at me for being such a pushover.
So I'd just put up with it, throw away my underwear, and wash off all the writing in the bath so they wouldn't find out.
But this trend just kept on going, and the crude comments on my body would escalate day after day.
Worse, it's nearly impossible to wash off writing from oil-based markers.
Water just doesn't cut it. You need to take a nylon towel and rub your skin really hard.
As a result of doing this every day, my skin got raw and painful.
It stung whenever the hot water touched it.
That pain would serve as a constant reminder of how my body had been reduced to a sketchbook for bullies.
...Huh?
All of a sudden, the lights went out. It was pitch-black.
Oddly enough, my thoughts ground to a halt, too. As if time had stopped in the darkness.
No point in getting worked up about it. My parents would surely take care of it.
If I made a scene, they'd scold me for being a wimp who couldn't take care of himself.
But just then, the shower stopped.
It really did feel like time had stopped.
What in the world was going on?
All I could hear was the labored breathing coming out of my nose.
It scared me. Like there was a terrifying demon just nearby.
⑳Fear not, boy.⑳
I heard a spine-tingling voice from the depths of hell at my back.
It came from within the bathroom, right behind me. The words lingered and echoed off the walls.
⑳Poor creature. Ridiculed day after day.⑳
⑳I came here because I felt sorry for you.⑳
⑳C-Can you... h-help me?⑳
⑳Tell me—what is it you want?⑳
⑳I-I don't want to go through this ever again!⑳
I couldn't stand the humiliation any longer!
⑳Very well. But in exchange, I want you to grant my wish.⑳
⑳Wh-What wish?⑳
⑳I feed off man's misery. Offer unto me misery befitting of your wish.⑳
⑳Worry not. A mere trifle, it is.⑳
Normally, I could never give that ominous presence what it desired.
But not only had it been yet another day of getting covered in embarrassing scribbles, some girls saw me and laughed this time.
That bitterness urged me on.
An elementary schooler was humming as he walked down the road, clearly in high spirits.
The street was desolate. No one else was watching.
If I was going to do it, th-then this was my chance.
I approached him from behind, aimed for the back of his h-head, and...
Thwack.
I ran for the hills.
The boy's cries chased me like a specter, but I ignored them and dashed away.
There, I did it. That boy was hit by a complete stranger out of nowhere.
By bringing about that misery...
...I had given the thing what it wanted.
I felt a little guilty, but that was outweighed by an overwhelming sense of triumph.
And besides, it looked like that boy was coming back from school in a good mood.
If he was that happy, it was only fair he shared some of it with me. So there was no need for me to feel bad. Right?
Happy now? I kept up my end of the bargain.
I could hear the thing laughing in the distance.
That night, I waited in the bath for it to show up again. But it didn't.
I kept washing my body and waited for the lights to go out again. But they didn't.
My body stung. It was itchy.
Even after I went to bed and turned out the lights, my chest and back kept aching.
The next day, I checked my stomach to find it swelling all reddish-purple.
But if I told my parents and it came out I'd been getting bullied, they'd scold me.
It was okay. It'd go away if I just left it alone. Yes.
It kept throbbing during classes. I couldn't concentrate.
⑳And time's up! C'mon, show us that belly!⑳
⑳You do know how to bathe, don't you? You still had some left over on your back yesterday.⑳
I was in for yet another scribbling punishment during lunch break.
But this time, the aching in my chest and back was more painful.
The swelling there was chafing against my shirt.
So having those guys take off my clothes and touch me would actually feel better.
In fact, I just wanted to take my clothes off myself. It was itchy. Itchy. Itchy. Itchy.
Itchy, itchy, ITCHY, ITCHY, ITCH ITCH itch ITCH itch ITCH!
⑳A-Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
And when I took off my shirt, the swelling finally stopped itching.
My chest and back writhed with pleasure, like worms after a rain.
There were several purplish-black swollen blobs pulsating on them, rejoicing in the fresh air.
To me, they looked like one of those face assembly puzzles.
Eyes, noses, mouths... Those scattered parts protruded from my chest—from the blobs—and trembled.
A cloudy, stringy secretion similar to phlegm gushed out of them.
The demon had certainly kept its promise.
After all, the looks of horror on the bullies made it clear they wouldn't even think about touching me now.
I'd wished to never go through something like that again, and the thing granted it.
Seeing the bullies fall comically on their backsides in terror felt a bit liberating, even.
I was sure their days of bullying me were at an end.
But all of a sudden, they kicked me to the ground.
They kicked the eyes, noses, and mouths of the blobs on my chest and back over and over again, crushing them into paste.
The blobs would gush that snotlike secretion with each kick, sticking like string to their shoes.
As for me, well, I felt no pain. Far from it—I felt on top of the world for giving them the fright of their lives.
Eventually, they kicked me so much that my whole body was swollen purple and became a blob itself.
And so they continued stomping me, crushing me flat as I continued spewing that gooey secretion.
In the end, I was reduced to nothing more than a reddish-black puddle, like blood mixed with mucus, and faded away.
Thus, they would never bully me again.
However, I wish I'd been more specific with my wish.
Like, ⑳I wish everyone who bullies me dies,⑳ or something.
But if I had, I don't think hitting a kid in the head would've been enough to satisfy that demon.
However, I made another wish: ⑳Kill them all.⑳
The demon's wish in exchange for that was surprisingly cheap.
All I had to do was offer it the life of but a single student—any student.
But that was impossible.
I no longer had a body. I couldn't kill someone, much less touch them.
Hey, after hearing all this, you feel bad for me... right?
Sympathize with poor old me... and take my place.
Sacrifice someone. Just one person is fine, okay?
Come on... Please...
Sacrifice someone for me. Come on, please, please, bubirrhhrhrhh...
A giant lump of meat beyond any possible description writhed in the darkness.
It had no arms, legs, or even a head—just a blob of flesh.
Eyeballs, noses, and mouths poked out from all over it, spewing forth gooey phlegm from time to time.
It was creeping closer, and closer, and closer...
Just then, red eyes flashed in the darkness.
And it wasn't just two of them.
Countless pairs of red eyes encircled the blob.
They were small Japanese dolls.
Endless numbers of the exact same doll clamored about.
The blob found itself surrounded on all sides.
Being dolls, they were completely expressionless.
However, they clattered as they clambered over to the blob, one after another.
By this point, the blob was nothing more than a piece of candy tossed into a swarm of ants. It could no longer see anything past the oncoming incursion of dolls.
It howled as it squirted out several strands of phlegm like a water gun.
The blob was clearly screaming in its death throes.
But much like the piece of candy amidst the swarm of ants, the dolls showed the blob no mercy, and devoured it whole.
With howls and the occasional sound of spewing phlegm, the blob faded into the darkness.
The doll sitting at Toé's side appeared to shake for a moment.
⑳That doll gives me the goddamn creeps. For real.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You sure treasure that thing, huh.⑳
⑳Tch. I'd throw it right in the trash if I wasn't told to leave the damn thing alone.⑳
⑳...⑳
Mlln, mmmh...
There was a wet sound, followed by the sweet scent of saliva.
Toé's lips shone sensually as a thin silver string trailed from them.
Mllln, mmmh...
And once more, she put the boy's toes right in her moist mouth.
⑳Ya know, you'd be a real fine piece of ass if you weren't such a fuckin' nutjob.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I didn't say to stop. Keep goin', ya dumb shit.⑳
The boy kicked Toé in the chest with his bare foot.
But like a dog, she groveled before him yet again.
She started sucking his toes once more, like a baby would its mother's breast.
The school's bike lot was empty except right before and after school, and so had become a gathering spot for delinquents.
Thus, delinquent groups would often meet up here during lunch break and the like.
About ten of them were here at this moment.
They would curse, spit, and tell each other all sorts of crude stories with deplorable smiles on their faces.
A ways apart from them was their leader—Sho Kamenuma—getting his toes sucked by Toé Kurokami.
⑳Ya got some real odd tastes there, Sho.⑳
⑳No kiddin'. There are better places you could make her suck. Heh heh heh!⑳
⑳Relax, I know what I'm doin'. I'm savin' that for after we're married.⑳
⑳'Sides, wouldn't do no good if a teacher came by and I got it caught in my fly tryin' ta hide it now, would it?⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳Ow! I told ya to watch your fuckin' teeth!⑳
⑳...⑳
It seemed Sho had gotten the area under his toenail stuck in Toé's tooth while he'd been convulsing with laughter.
He suddenly roared angrily and kicked her away with his free left foot.
Toé's slender body fell right over. Sho must've shown her no mercy.
⑳...⑳
However, it seemed she didn't even understand the cruelty inflicted upon her.
For she groveled before Sho's foot yet again and started trying to suck his toes, her expression never changing even once.
But Sho, fed up by this point, placed his foot on Toé's face and kicked her down again.
⑳Stop it.⑳
⑳The hell?⑳
⑳Violence is wrong, you know.⑳
⑳The fuck you say? Who the hell're you?⑳
⑳It's that punk Susuhara from 2-A.⑳
The delinquents considered this place their stronghold. Their sanctuary.
They hated it when outsiders stepped on their turf.
So they frowned, rose to their feet, and glared at Suzumu.
⑳Kurokami, if you don't want to do this, you need to say so.⑳
⑳If you're not in a position to speak for yourself, I'll tell the teachers for you.⑳
⑳The hell? So you're a snitch? You got some serious balls on you there.⑳
⑳You got any idea what we gonna do to ya once you rat us out? Huh?⑳
⑳Just pump your tires and beat it, dumbass.⑳
Suzumu had brought a tire pump he'd borrowed from the superintendent's room.
He'd come because his tires were low on air.
(Come to think of it, Kiko did tell me she wouldn't recommend doing it during lunch, didn't she?)
(Now I see why. She was implying this place was a den of delinquents.)
Suzumu was tense in his own right, but it didn't look that way.
And that pissed the delinquents off.
⑳Look buddy, you've got it all wrong.⑳
⑳Toé ain't doin' this 'cause I'm forcin' her to or some shit.⑳
⑳Ain't that right, Toé?⑳
⑳...⑳
Toé staggered to her feet and stared blankly at Suzumu.
She wrapped her arms around Sho and clung to him with all she had.
But her expression remained the same even then.
⑳This chick's my girl, ya see.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...Doesn't seem like the kind of person you should be kicking, then.⑳
⑳I just got a little carried away, is all. Who the hell do you think you are?⑳
⑳You don't know what's goin' on between us, so fuck off.⑳
⑳I can't imagine what could be going on between you that would make that okay.⑳
⑳Hey, enough with the bullshit, or your ass is dead!⑳
One of the delinquents stepped forward and grabbed Suzumu by the collar.
But Suzumu simply grabbed his arm, unfazed.
⑳The fuck? Mgh, ghhhh!⑳
⑳Owwwwwwwwwwww! Agggggggggggggh!⑳
⑳H-Hey, you okay?⑳
⑳Agh! Ow! He's strong as hell! Khaaaaaaaaah, owwwwww!⑳
It was at that point the delinquents noticed Suzumu's unassumingly rugged fists.
The lack of fear he showed when faced with their numbers made it easy to imagine he was trained in martial arts.
They glared furiously at Suzumu, but didn't try to grab him again.
Just then, the bell rang, signaling the end of lunch break.
⑳Tch. Susuhara from Class A, right? Don't think I'll forget you any time soon.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Until you apologize to Kurokami for what you did...⑳
⑳...I won't forget you, either.⑳
⑳The fuck?! You makin' fun of me?! You wanna fuckin' die right here?! Huh?!⑳
He hadn't imagined Suzumu would actually talk back.
Surging with white-hot rage, Sho pulled a metal bat out of a nearby bike's umbrella stand.
⑳The fuck're you doin'?!⑳
Suzumu finally looked surprised when he realized that shout had come from Tsubakiko.
⑳Bakiko, huh? This ain't your fight!⑳
⑳Suzumu's one of mine.⑳
⑳You wanna get slaughtered, bitch? You can't even fight fair! Why don't you grow a pair, you fuckin' pussy?!⑳
⑳You fuckin' bitch... You're dead! I'm gonna fuckin' kill ya!⑳
⑳Sho, don't do it! Calm down!⑳
⑳What'll the upperclassmen say if we cause a scene?⑳
⑳...Fuck!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You live this time, Susuhara. But don't think this is over...⑳
⑳I won't. You can count on that.⑳
Sho left in a huff as the other delinquents tried to calm him down.
Toé staggered on after them.
⑳Kurokami—⑳
But before Suzumu could ask if she was okay...
...Toé pushed him away.
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
And for the first time, the two looked each other in the eye.
Though Toé's face was blank, her eyes were brimming with emotion.
With tears... and rejection.
⑳...Why...?⑳
⑳...Late...⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
Her tears streaked downward and fell to the ground.
Toé pushed Suzumu away again and left.
Suzumu watched her leave as he reflected on her parting words.
⑳...Why? You're too late...⑳
She'd said that. He knew.
⑳The great Susuhara strikes again!⑳
⑳All those punks stared you down, and you didn't even flinch! You really are the great man I took you for!⑳
⑳And you're a real wimp, Atsuta. You hid the whole time.⑳
⑳If I were your girlfriend, I'd dump you on the spot.⑳
⑳Well, I'm still training. I'm not ready for a girlfriend just yet.⑳
⑳Thanks, Kiko. You saved me.⑳
⑳Just don't go picking fights with those idiots, okay?⑳
⑳This is why I warned you not to go to the bike lot during lunch.⑳
⑳I'm sorry. I thought you just meant it'd be a waste of my time.⑳
⑳But anyway, you were really cool back there, Kiko.⑳
⑳Yeah! Those were some great fighting words, all right! Oh, so you don't know, do you, Susuhara?⑳
⑳Y'see, back in middle school, Harumiya—⑳
⑳Ack!⑳
⑳Okay, lunch is over! We need to hurry back for fifth period and study, study!⑳
⑳Wh-What's wrong, Natsu? Do you feel sick?⑳
⑳Who knows? Maybe it's morning sickness. I'll give him a hand, so hurry on back to class, Suzumu!⑳
It appeared more like she was giving him a headlock than a hand, though.
By the time class resumed, Kurokami was back in her seat, holding her doll and staring off into space like always.
⑳...Why? You're too late.⑳
The way she was in class, I couldn't imagine her speaking her mind as clearly as that.
I thought I knew what I'd heard, but I was starting to wonder if it was my mind playing tricks on me.
Kurokami...
What did she mean by ⑳too late?⑳
I used to be so indifferent, but I found that I couldn't get my mind off her for some reason.
⑳Too late.⑳ As in, past the point of no return.
But what? What didn't I make it in time for?
Black snow started gently falling between us.
No, not snow. Soot.
Jet-black soot piled up, burying me and Kurokami's world in darkness...
...
...
The final class of the day ended, and my classmates filed out of the room one after another.
But instead, I walked over to Kurokami.
⑳...⑳
⑳Listen... If there's anything I can help with, just let me know, okay?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...There's nothing.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...You're... far...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳'Too late?'⑳
⑳...⑳
Kurokami said nothing.
That silence was a clear affirmation that by ⑳too late,⑳ she was indeed referring to me.
⑳I don't get it. What am I late for?⑳
⑳Perhaps there's not much I can do...⑳
⑳...but if you're suffering, maybe I can save you from that.⑳
⑳Khgh...⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳...Haah...⑳
Her eyes were glazed over. Nothing I said was getting to her.
There was nothing more I could say to keep her there.
⑳It seems like the two of them are actually engaged, believe it or not.⑳
⑳Engaged? You mean Kurokami and that other guy?⑳
⑳Though Kamenuma only moved here back in 7th grade.⑳
⑳I have no clue what she sees in that scumbag...⑳
⑳Seems he was famous back in middle school for having a fiancé at his age.⑳
⑳How did it happen?⑳
Sho Kamenuma had moved to Susuda only four years ago.
On the other hand, the Kurokamis were a family who'd owned a lot of land in this region for generations.
What could the two families possibly have in common?
In contrast to the wealthy and famous Kurokamis, the Kamenumas barely had a penny to their name, to say nothing of land.
But by that autumn, Sho Kamenuma was already engaged to Toé.
⑳It's not every day you hear about people getting engaged that early. It was a hot topic in school, back then.⑳
⑳I'm sure he was positively thrilled at first.⑳
⑳But I don't think it took him long to figure out just what kind of girl Kurokami is.⑳
⑳Why did that guy... Why did Kamenuma accept the proposal?⑳
⑳From what I hear, Kurokami fell for him at first sight.⑳
⑳At first sight...?⑳
⑳They say the Kurokamis begged him to marry their daughter.⑳
⑳Word is, a big sum of money was involved.⑳
⑳Seems that's how Kamenuma got so influential.⑳
...
Toé Kurokami. She wasn't ordinary, that much was certain.
It wasn't absurd to imagine her family going to great lengths to get her a husband.
Still, though, that didn't explain why they'd chosen a boy like that, of all people.
If they'd loved one another, then there'd be no issue.
But it hadn't looked that way to Suzumu at all.
At the very least, Kamenuma treated her more like a pet than anything else.
And it hadn't felt like Toé held any love for him, either.
⑳Too late.⑳
Because Suzumu had been too late, she'd been forced to accept this fate.
It almost looked as though she'd resigned herself to that outcome, and suppressing her emotions, had sworn obedience to Kamenuma as a result.
⑳Bye! See you tomorrow!⑳
Natsuya waved goodbye to his friends in front of a deli in the shopping district.
The shop's name was ⑳Atsuta's Piping Hot Deli.⑳ His family ran the place.
Suzumu and Tsubakiko waved back as they left.
⑳Suzumu... You'll probably think I'm being stubborn, but...⑳
⑳...I really don't think you should get involved with Kurokami.⑳
⑳Why's that?⑳
⑳I don't really know how to put it.⑳
⑳I've just got a bad feeling about it.⑳
⑳Maybe you're right.⑳
⑳She says it's too late, at least.⑳
⑳But she's looking for someone to save her. I'm sure of that, if nothing else.⑳
⑳Suzumu...⑳
⑳And I think you can tell that's dangerous ground to be treading.⑳
⑳Suzumu.⑳
⑳Kiko...⑳
⑳I'll warn you again, okay?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You shouldn't get involved with Kurokami.⑳
⑳Something terrible will happen, I just know it.⑳
⑳How?⑳
⑳My sixth sense is always on point.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Thanks. I'll be careful.⑳
⑳You mean you'll tread carefully, don't you? Fine, forget it!⑳
Tsubakiko stuck out her tongue and slammed the door to her apartment.
I walked into my own apartment and closed the door.
Entering my own space, isolating myself from the outside world, filled me with an odd sense of lethargy.
Sure, it was a relief to be home, but I also had the strangest feeling that my door was like a portal to another world.
Though it was warm enough to make me sweat a little out there, it was cool in my room.
Almost like the place was too big for me alone.
I didn't know why, but I felt like I'd been here on my own for a long time.
⑳It must be the sweat talking. I'll go take a shower.⑳
When I was alone, I tended to talk to myself to ward off the stillness of it all.
Perhaps it was a bad habit of mine.
I hung my school uniform up and entered the bathroom with a fresh pair of underwear in hand.
The bathroom was humid when I went in.
Almost as though someone had only just finished bathing there.
I picked up the scent of bathwater.
...Had someone used my bath?
Someone's scent was lingering amidst the heat.
As it dawned upon me that I didn't recognize whose it was, I felt a twinge of unease.
I slowly, yet gently, pushed open the door to the bath.
And when I did... heat rushed out, along with a sickening body odor.
In the bath... was meat.
No, it was probably a person.
Something slovenly and obese, bringing to mind a distended stomach bulging with fat and grease.
Curly black body hair peeked out between its swollen folds, filling me with disgust and revulsion.
Blemishes and shaggy moles. Crimson scars from scratching sweaty itches too hard.
Skin as hard as scabs outside the joints. Bruised blood vessels that wriggled like worms.
And an acrid stench like sweat and candlewax that spread with the heat and clung to my nostrils.
A blob of meat like an especially disgusting middle-aged man was sitting right there.
All of a sudden, it squelched and twisted.
I couldn't tell what was its front and what was its back, but it was clear it had noticed me and was turning to face me.
⑳Bebobe bobe, Bbubabibo... Bbebeb, bbebebebeb...⑳
Its voice sounded like a man's voice put through a filter to protect his identity, like you'd hear on the news.
I was sure its words meant something, but I couldn't understand it at all.
All I could make out for sure was a spine-tingling laugh.
Past the blob, I could see a bundle of black hair.
It was a girl with long black hair and snow-white skin—no, a doll the size of a human.
Its joints clearly indicated it was what they called a ball-jointed doll.
The blob held that doll as it turned around.
When I saw the doll's face, I couldn't help but gasp.
Because... that was Kurokami's face.
It wasn't the face of a doll modeled after Kurokami.
Everything from the head down was a doll... but the head itself wasn't. It was her face. Her head...
⑳Baib bibbb bebe... Bobbe bib bobe bibb beb, bibb bbab bibb bou bebb...⑳
One of Kurokami's joints screamed with a sickening crack.
I couldn't tell what the blob was saying, but it was obvious it'd returned its attention to Kurokami.
The blob fiercely embraced the doll attached to Kurokami's head, and greedily sucked on it.
The ball-joints creaked with pain and moaned in the exact same rhythm.
Kurokami broke out into a cold sweat and gritted her teeth. She was clearly in agony.
Yet oddly enough, my heart felt relief in the face of that repulsive terror.
The disgusting relief that the blob wouldn't do anything to me while it was busy with Kurokami.
Occasionally, there would be a crack, and one of the ball-joints would bend in an anatomically impossible direction.
Even Kurokami couldn't help but moan in agony. I couldn't even begin to imagine the harrowing pain she must have been in.
I didn't know how long Kurokami would hold the blob's interest.
But eventually, it would get bored. And when it did, I would be next.
A part of me wanted to fight to save Kurokami.
However, the grotesque blob before me, and my fear... were both so overwhelming. I didn't know what I could do against that thing.
But I couldn't just ignore Kurokami's suffering. If I couldn't work up the courage now, I never would.
⑳L-Leave Kurokami alone...!⑳
All of a sudden, the blob stopped.
And then, it slowly but surely turned back to face me.
Fear and regret seized me from head to toe.
⑳Bou beabby...⑳
There really was a fine line between courage and reckless naïveté, wasn't there?
The ability to feel calm and safe when faced with such terror was truly a luxury...
⑳...babb bo bbay bibb be bbab babby. Bib bbabbebeb. Bbebebeb...⑳
The blob was surely laughing at me.
It then stopped toying with Kurokami and tossed her in the hot water of the tub.
Kurokami's body sank into the bath with a loud splash and vanished.
...What rose out of the water next wasn't Kurokami.
It was a doll. One I recognized.
The Japanese doll Kurokami always carried was floating there in the tub.
⑳Babbb bbabbe... Bbab bib bbib...?⑳
The blob didn't seem pleased by it.
It groaned with discontent as it scooped up the doll and turned it around and around, studying it from every angle.
That was probably my one and only chance.
With the blob's attention off of me, this was my first and last opportunity to escape.
But... my legs... wouldn't move...
They crumpled beneath me. As though I were a marionette.
...Of course. That blob was only playing with dolls.
So even I was its doll, too...
Without even realizing it, my body from the neck down had become a ball-jointed doll, just like Kurokami.
The blob lurched menacingly toward me.
It then lifted me up, placed me between its folds, and smothered me against it.
The feeling of its curly hairs against me, its revolting odor and heat, and its sewer-like breath filled my throat with bile.
The blob touched my ball-joints and lovingly twisted them.
From time to time, I felt them bend in ways they shouldn't with a crack.
Aggggh... Ghhhh... Ghaaaaghhhhh...
Though barely conscious, I could feel my joints bend and break into various directions, one after another...
Finally, they all broke, leaving me nothing more than a head.
⑳Bbubabibo... Bi bobe bou... Bbee bee bee bee bee bee bee...⑳
The blob embraced my head, and licked it with the gooey substance oozing out with its rotten breath...
The stench was beyond repulsive. I felt like I was going to suffocate from all the nausea.
Soon enough... the blob... blob... blob... engulfed my head...
Ghhh... aaaagh...
...
*Snap*
I slowly sat up in the dimly lit bathroom.
It was dark around me. Apparently, it was nighttime.
How long had I been lying there?
⑳*pant* *pant*⑳
⑳Whew...⑳
I felt like I'd just been in the throes of a horrible dream.
I exhaled heavily as if to drive out something disgusting that'd built up in my lungs.
I could tell I'd had an awful nightmare, but couldn't remember anything specific about it.
That's just how it is. Nightmares are vivid when you have them, but vanish with barely a trace once you wake up.
⑳Why was I sleeping here?⑳
Maybe I'd been anemic and passed out?
I had no clue.
The clearer my head got, the more I realized worrying about it wouldn't accomplish anything.
I shook my head and opened the door to the tub to start a bath.
Traces of warmth lingered still.
...But there was no way anyone was there.
⑳Ngh...⑳
⑳Ow...⑳
My elbows and knees had been hurting ever since I woke up.
I checked my elbows in the mirror to find them a little red and swollen.
That night, I had the strangest dream.
It was of Kurokami, sitting alone in a world of falling black snow.
The black snow landed on the shoulders of her white robes, staining her in a monochrome gradation.
She looked lonely, so I tried approaching her, but no matter how much I walked, she didn't get any closer.
A firm and cool transparent wall was separating us.
At the very least, I wanted to tell her she wasn't alone.
I kept pounding on the wall and shouting at the top of my lungs, but she didn't hear me at all.
Upon closer inspection, I realized tears were streaming down Kurokami's face.
The black snow sullied her tear-stained cheeks, making it look as though she were crying lines of black.
She was facing my direction, but it didn't seem she could see me.
Perhaps the wall was only transparent on my side.
If that were true, then she was all by herself within the wall, the black snow burying her whole.
My heart ached at the sight of her tears.
Was it pity? Sympathy?
No. It was a sense of duty. No question about it.
A baseless sense of responsibility telling me I had to save her.
If I didn't, she'd be left alone in that world, doomed to be buried and fade away under the black snow.
All the while shedding tears stained black by the soot.
⑳...⑳
Even after I woke up, I just stared blankly at the ceiling for a while.
This was the first time I'd ever remembered a dream so clearly.
⑳Why? Why can't I get Kurokami out of my mind?⑳
I couldn't understand my own feelings.
I wondered if maybe I was in love with her, but that definitely wasn't the case.
I was an adolescent boy just like the rest. I knew the bittersweet taste of unrequited love.
True, the fact that I couldn't get her out of my head was similar to that.
But this was different. I just knew I had to help her.
And there was no time left. Not even a second.
As she said, it was ⑳too late.⑳
Even so, I had to help her.
Why?
I didn't know.
But that emotion was filling my heart...
...and telling me I had to act as soon as possible.
That peculiar feeling stuck with me even after Kiko invited me to go to school with her.
I still couldn't get Kurokami out of my head even after we got there.
⑳Kitagami.⑳
⑳Here.⑳
⑳Kinugasa.⑳
⑳Here.⑳
⑳Kurokami.⑳
⑳Oh, that's right, Kurokami called in absent today.⑳
It wasn't rare for Kurokami to be late for—or even miss—homeroom.
But even so, she still went to school every day.
At the very least, this was the first time anyone had called in to say she'd be absent beforehand.
⑳That's odd. Kurokami's never absent.⑳
⑳Who cares? Not like she studies anyway.⑳
⑳Don't say that, Atsuta.⑳
⑳Suzumu's totally hung up on her.⑳
⑳Is something wrong with that?⑳
⑳Did you find some hidden appeal in such a scary girl?⑳
⑳Way to go, Susuhara! You really are a great man!⑳
⑳Do whatever you want. Just don't come crying to me later.⑳
⑳Oof! Jealousy is not a good look on you, Harumiya.⑳
⑳Stay out of this, Atsuta.⑳
⑳Is getting involved with Kurokami really so wrong?⑳
⑳I don't care. You do you.⑳
⑳I'm sure something really, really bad's gonna happen soon, though. Just go and get cursed for all I care!⑳
⑳It's okay. I make sure to do my spiritual cleansing every day.⑳
⑳...Hey, Suzumu, what happened to your elbow?⑳
I was getting a little sweaty, so I rolled up my sleeves.
Kiko must have noticed my swollen elbow.
⑳I don't know. Maybe I slept on it funny.⑳
⑳Does it hurt?⑳
⑳It does when you touch it, so could you stop?⑳
⑳It looks like your other elbow is the same way.⑳
⑳My joints have been hurting ever since last night for some reason.⑳
⑳It's a curse.⑳
⑳You're blowing things out of proportion.⑳
⑳You caught Kurokami's curse. Don't say I didn't tell you so if it gets worse, you hear?⑳
⑳Don't worry. I'll go see a doctor if it still hurts after school.⑳
⑳You'd be better off finding an exorcist, if you ask me...⑳
Kiko was dead set in her belief Kurokami was a cursed being.
I guessed it was just because girls have a thing for the occult. Probably.
And if all the girls believed that, none of them would help Kurokami.
So it really was all up to me.
That strange sense of urgency was still plaguing me, even at school.
I once again wondered if I was in love with her.
And yet again, I came to the conclusion it was a sense of duty instead.
But why? Why did I feel this way for a girl I'd never met before?
Was it obligation? Responsibility? Sympathy? Pity?
...
No matter how many times I retraced the source of my emotion, it always came back to that baseless sense of duty.
Even after lunch break had come and gone...
...I was still captive to that emotion.
⑳The hell? Toé's takin' the day off? That worthless bitch... Ugh!⑳
⑳*cough* *cough* *cough* Ugh, *cough*⑳
⑳Hey Sho, you okay, man?⑳
⑳*cough* *cough* *cough* *cough*⑳
Sho kept hacking and coughing, as though he were choking on his own spit.
His buddies kept rubbing his back with wry grins until he finally calmed down.
Sho wiped his forehead to find beads of sweat. He must have really had it rough.
⑳I've been feelin' like shit since I woke up. Like I got allergies or somethin'.⑳
⑳Maybe it's pollen? They say there's lots of it goin' around this season.⑳
⑳Hell if I know. Go ask the polle—⑳
⑳*cough* *cough* Ugh, *cough* *cough*⑳
Sho spat in disgust and coughed up phlegm.
⑳...What the hell is this? Bfft!⑳
⑳Holy shit man, what is that stuff?! It's all black!⑳
What Sho had coughed up was neither yellow nor white.
It was black as tar.
It was the first time he'd ever coughed up something like that.
Shocked, he spat again to see if more of that color came up.
But what came out this time was the same colorless spit as always.
⑳Goddammit, the fuck is that shit? It's gross...⑳
He stomped furiously on it.
⑳And why the hell have I been feelin' like shit all day anyway?⑳
⑳Is it just a cough? Or do you have a fever? Sure you're okay?⑳
⑳Fuck, I'm feelin' all kinds of exhausted now. Yeah, this might be worse than I thought...⑳
⑳That creepy chick musta cursed ya when she licked your foot.⑳
The delinquents laughed crudely.
But Sho heard none of it. He was feeling terrible at the moment.
⑳Wanna tell the teacher and go home?⑳
⑳Hell, I just wanna lie down... *cough* *cough* Gaaaaah... *cough*⑳
⑳It seems you have a slight fever.⑳
⑳Bullshit. My normal temperature is just lo— *cough*⑳
⑳Why don't you lie down and let me take a look at you?⑳
⑳You're in 2-C, right? I'll let your teacher know.⑳
⑳*cough* *cough* Man, fuck this cough to hell, ugh...⑳
Hinagata shut the curtain once she saw Sho get into bed.
Once his coughing subsided slightly, Sho took his hand off his mouth...
...and found his palm stained black.
⑳Goddammit... What... the hell...⑳
⑳...⑳
Though the infirmary bed wasn't all that comfortable, Sho drifted off to sleep, as though his consciousness had been swallowed whole.
⑳...⑳
My knees and elbows were still swollen and throbbing even after school.
So I decided to play it safe and go to the hospital.
Iwaimoto Hospital for Medicine and Surgery, located just past the Iwaimoto Shopping District, was grander than I'd pictured.
⑳Iwaimoto⑳ was the name of the neighborhood I lived in.
⑳Iwai⑳ meant ⑳celebration,⑳ and seeing it around on signs always brightened my day.
So although hospitals aren't always the happiest of places, Iwaimoto Hospital seemed friendly to me.
The hospital was full of the elderly, just like the one where I used to live.
I felt a bit guilty for going there for something as trivial as swollen joints.
Those more visibly in pain deserved to be here way more than me.
Right, just like that gi—
⑳...⑳
That black-haired girl... It was Kurokami. No mistaking it.
She was in a wheelchair, with the same doll riding on her lap.
But seeing her with her left arm hanging from a sling and her right leg in a cast... It hurt to watch.
It wasn't just those, either. Her other limbs were wrapped up in bandages, too.
For some reason, I could sense her knees and elbows hurt just like mine.
I faintly remembered the world of the nightmare I'd had when I collapsed in the bathroom.
Just like me, her joints were snapped by that grotesque blob.
⑳Kurokami...⑳
⑳You shouldn't get involved with Kurokami.⑳
I felt like I heard Kiko's voice amidst the crowd.
⑳Bad things'll happen if you get close to her, I just know it.⑳
She'd been giving me that warning over and over again.
Was what happened to me one of those bad things?
Kurokami and I were classmates, so it was inevitable we'd meet in the classroom.
But if I struck up a conversation with her here, I'd clearly be approaching her proactively.
⑳Bad things'll happen if you get close to her, I just know it.⑳
Of course Kiko wasn't there, but it felt like she was giving me my final warning.
...
⑳...⑳
If I just kept standing around, she'd probably disappear into the crowd.
I still had a chance to stay on this side.
...Wait, ⑳this side?⑳
I asked myself exactly what those words that'd popped into my head meant.
Just as Kiko had a sixth sense, so did I.
It warned me that if I talked to Kurokami now, there'd be no turning back.
⑳Too late for that...⑳
She'd already caught my heart. I couldn't turn back anymore.
Our destinies were intertwined from the first moment I looked into her eyes.
A part of me wanted to save her...
...while another part of me wanted to know why I started feeling that way.
And the latter was the biggest reason why I couldn't get her out of my mind.
Kurokami... just who was she?
I wanted to know, and then ask her a question.
⑳Who are you, and why do I feel this way about you?⑳
I already knew it wasn't something as simple as love.
Then was it something sinister, just as the rumors said?
Have your eyes cursed me? Is that why I can't take mine off you?
⑳...⑳
⑳Kurokami.⑳
In the end, I acted before I could come to an answer.
⑳...⑳
She looked somewhat surprised to see me.
I'd never seen such a natural reaction from her at school before.
⑳That looks bad. Are you okay?⑳
⑳...⑳
She was expressionless as always, but not in the same way as at school.
She was obviously surprised to bump into me here, of all places.
⑳...Move.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Who are you? Do you go to Susu High?⑳
The middle-aged man pushing her wheelchair scowled at me.
He was probably her father.
⑳Yes. I'm in the same class as—⑳
⑳I don't want you talking to Toé unless you have to.⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
⑳I'm sorry, but she's too important to be corrupted by the filth of the world.⑳
⑳I let her go to school because I want her to live like others her age, but I can't allow her to be corrupted.⑳
⑳...⑳
I couldn't think of anything to say to that.
It was the first time anyone had said something like that to me, and I didn't know whether to be angry or hurt.
⑳...You're... always...⑳
⑳'Late?'⑳
⑳Go away... Your corruption... hurts...⑳
⑳Toé, don't push yourself.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...Yes... Father.⑳
⑳My apologies, young man. I shouldn't have been so harsh with you.⑳
⑳N-No... I'm the one... who's sorry.⑳
⑳You have nothing to apologize for.⑳
⑳If you're concerned about Toé, then please, just watch over her from a distance.⑳
⑳But—⑳
⑳Something's tormenting her.⑳
I wanted to say that, but her father stopped me before I could.
⑳I don't want you talking to Toé again.⑳
⑳Even if you hold no ill intent, all that will bring her is suffering.⑳
⑳...⑳
Normally, someone my age would have no choice but to back down without a word after being told off like that by an adult.
However, there was something in me that just couldn't accept that.
So I stood my ground.
⑳But...⑳
⑳...she's suffering.⑳
⑳I can't just ignore her now that I've realized that.⑳
⑳...⑳
Toé's father fell silent.
That was a sign he was aware of her torment.
⑳If she needs to be kept away from the filth of the world, then why did you choose Kamenuma as her fiancé?⑳
⑳That's none of your concern.⑳
⑳I just can't believe she could ever want to be with him.⑳
⑳You're too late...⑳ Those words replayed in my mind once more.
Perhaps she meant she'd been forced to bear this fate because no one had noticed her suffering sooner?
I wasn't sure about that, but there was no doubt that she was suffering greatly.
There was no way she could be happy, being treated like a pet by a fiancé she didn't even love.
If the rumors Natsu told me were true, yesterday was hardly the first time Kamenuma had been so rough with her.
Just by looking at her and her father, it was easy to imagine she was from a strict family where she was in no position to oppose him.
⑳It's up to me to decide who Toé marries. It's none of your concern.⑳
⑳No. It's none of -yours-, either.⑳
⑳What...?⑳
⑳Her life is hers to decide.⑳
⑳I understand she's a minor. She should indeed be living under your care.⑳
⑳But once she comes of age, her future is her own.⑳
⑳You may be her father, but you don't have the right to keep her completely tied down.⑳
It seemed Toé's father hadn't expected a child his daughter's age to talk back to him like that.
He appeared more stunned than angry.
⑳Kurokami. Maybe everything I'm saying is completely off the mark.⑳
⑳But I know you're suffering, and you think it's too late to do anything about it.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳And there's one thing I can say for sure.⑳
⑳...What...?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳It's never too late.⑳
⑳I don't know if I can be of any help to you.⑳
⑳But I'll always be on your side.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Count on that, if nothing else.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Mr. Kurokami. I apologize for speaking out of turn.⑳
⑳Pardon me, then. I hope you get well soon, Kurokami.⑳
⑳...Just...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...go... already...⑳
Kurokami hung her head, biting her bottom lip.
I didn't know what she was feeling, but my words had definitely gotten to her.
And I believed that would save her—or at least serve as the spark of her salvation.
⑳I don't want to say another word to you. Move out of the way.⑳
⑳Right... Sorry.⑳
⑳Let's go, Toé.⑳
⑳...Yes...⑳
⑳...⑳
Toé's father gently pushed the wheelchair past me...
...only for his daughter to look back at me in that very moment.
Her eyes were damp with tears.
⑳Su-Susuhara...⑳
She reached her trembling right hand out to me.
⑳Toé!⑳
⑳...Susuhara...⑳
⑳*sob* *sob*⑳
The look in her moist eyes implored me to at least take her hand.
And so I did.
I wanted to grant her wish, and I didn't need words to do so.
⑳You shouldn't get involved with Kurokami, Suzumu.⑳
Why shouldn't I, Kiko?
She needs help. So why shouldn't I?
The moment our hands touched, time itself seemed to grind to a halt.
The world was frozen in place. Almost like the TV known as ⑳life⑳ had suddenly broken.
But the girl before me was real, and so was the warmth of her hand.
In fact, this world seemed more like reality.
After all... her eyes actually had life to them here.
Enough to make me question if the days up until now had all been a daydream.
That's just how vivid they were.
Kurokami shed warm tears and spoke.
Her words were clear and had a deliberate weight to them.
⑳...Thank you... Susuhara...⑳
⑳No, I should be thanking you.⑳
⑳I'm glad you opened your heart to me.⑳
⑳I couldn't... Because I couldn't afford to open it.⑳
Kurokami stood up, staggering on her cast-encased foot.
She walked over to me until our chests were practically touching and looked up at me.
⑳...This is your fault...⑳
⑳Because... you told me... I could cry...⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
⑳So you heard that, huh?⑳
I hadn't said it aloud. But it had reached her.
⑳I...⑳
⑳I'm going to cry now.⑳
⑳Okay.⑳
⑳You don't have to understand.⑳
⑳Just stand there... and let me cry... All right...?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Okay.⑳
With that word, she gently plunged into my arms.
And as she softly clawed at my chest, she burst into tears.
I said nothing and let her sob.
⑳You're late. You're too late... *sob*⑳
⑳...Just how late am I, anyway?⑳
⑳Ten years too late.⑳
⑳I see...⑳
⑳No. A hundred years too late. A thousand years too late! *sob*⑳
⑳I really am sorry... for being so late.⑳
⑳*sob* It's your fault! It's all your fault! *sob*⑳
I didn't understand a word she was saying.
But I figured allowing her to let it all out would help.
She screamed and poured her heart out until she finally calmed down.
But then...
...I finally noticed the abnormality of the situation.
For a hospital lobby full of people, it was too quiet. Almost like the place was closed.
Though there were still many people there, they gave off no signs of life. Apart from Kurokami, I couldn't even hear any of them breathing.
Furthermore, the lobby that had been so bright and clean was all but enveloped in darkness.
Like it was after visiting hours, where the emergency and night lights served as the only illumination.
And... since when was it nighttime?
Everything outside was dark, like the windows and glass doors had been painted over with ink.
It wasn't ordinary darkness, either. No matter how late it was, there should have been many streetlights shining brightly.
Yet there wasn't a single trace of their light.
When had I—no, we—been brought to this place?
⑳What... is this...?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...So we've... been brought in again...?⑳
⑳What do you mean?⑳
Kurokami's face was still stricken with tears, but she'd already regained her composure.
Strangely enough, she didn't seem the least bit perturbed by this abnormal—no, this ominous scene.
⑳...Don't worry about it.⑳
⑳Are you serious?⑳
⑳Yes. Just ignore it, and it'll eventually end.⑳
Kurokami spoke apathetically, as though she expected the power to be restored any moment.
She found an empty space on the nearly full sofa and sat down.
⑳...Have a seat.⑳
⑳If you keep standing around... you'll make me tired, too.⑳
⑳O-Okay. But...⑳
Though there were many sofas lying around in the lobby, they were all packed.
I was unable to find a seat and was at a loss for what to do when Kurokami noticed my plight.
⑳Oh. I should have noticed. Sorry for being so inconsiderate.⑳
⑳Ah...⑳
Kurokami casually pushed away the person sitting next to her.
And when they hit the ground, they just crumbled apart. Literally.
As it turned out, it wasn't a person lying in pieces at my feet—it was a ball-jointed doll.
I looked around upon this realization and noticed that every last person in this packed room apart from us had turned into ball-jointed dolls.
Even Kurokami's father had turned into one of those dolls, still holding his daughter's wheelchair in the exact same pose as before.
She should have been shocked that her father turned into a doll.
Yet she paid it no heed at all.
I quietly took the seat next to Kurokami as if waiting my turn in line.
In all honesty, I wanted to scream from the incomprehensible terror swallowing me whole.
But oddly enough, seeing her remaining absolutely calm amidst this madness allowed me to keep my own calm, for some reason.
Of course, she could have just been bluffing...
...
⑳How did you get so banged up?⑳
⑳This is the first time it's been this bad.⑳
⑳What do you mean?⑳
⑳Exactly what I said.⑳
⑳You don't have to understand. Just smile and nod.⑳
⑳That's about all you're good for, anyway.⑳
⑳You should put more stock in me. Maybe I don't look it, but I am still a man.⑳
⑳...You look so feeble, though.⑳
⑳Maybe on the outside, but I train.⑳
⑳My family runs a dojo, you see. So I've been practicing since I was a kid.⑳
⑳I don't know how I'd fare in a fight, but in arm wrestling? I doubt even an adult could beat me.⑳
⑳...I'm surprised. I didn't take you for a braggart.⑳
⑳I'm not. I just know my own strength, is all.⑳
⑳I think being too modest can come off even worse.⑳
⑳...Heh.⑳
⑳What kind of training do you do?⑳
⑳Stuff like punching trees wrapped in straw. Our dojo only practices straight punches.⑳
⑳I'm not all that familiar with karate.⑳
⑳The Susuhara Divine Tribute Style has some similarities to karate, but they're completely different styles.⑳
⑳I don't care. It doesn't matter how much you've trained, anyway.⑳
⑳You can't break anything...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳What do you want broken?⑳
⑳...Hmm?⑳
⑳It sounds to me like you want something broken. I get that much.⑳
⑳Would you tell me?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You say I'm too late, but maybe I've made it on time after all?⑳
⑳Heh, ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳You're ten years too late. A hundred years too late. A thousand years too late. Ha ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
Her laughter was not of delight, but resignation.
⑳It's pointless.⑳
⑳I won't know unless I try.⑳
⑳You said you punch trees wrapped in straw. Are you claiming you could knock one over with your fists?⑳
⑳That's the idea during training, at least.⑳
⑳I can't rely on someone weaker than a tree.⑳
⑳Are you saying it's something that can't be solved with fists?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You can talk to me now, right?⑳
⑳I don't think you've got anything to lose from simply talking about it.⑳
⑳Maybe fists can do something about it.⑳
⑳...So you do want me to punch someone?⑳
⑳...Heh.⑳
⑳That'd be easier than knocking down a tree, at least.⑳
⑳...Can someone who can't even knock over a tree break something made of bronze?⑳
⑳Bronze? How thick are we talking?⑳
⑳Who knows? Perhaps as thick as your fist?⑳
⑳Yeah, I definitely couldn't pull that off. That sounds like a job for a cannon.⑳
⑳...Heh heh heh heh heh heh...⑳
Kurokami laughed with resignation as if to say, ⑳Told you.⑳
⑳However...⑳
⑳If breaking that will save you, then...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...I'll train some more...⑳
⑳...and break that thing with my fist someday. I swear it.⑳
⑳And how long do you think that will take?⑳
⑳Good question. In that sense, it may be too late, just as you said.⑳
⑳Ten, a hundred, no, even a thousand years might not be enough. Ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳But even so...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...I'm going to break that thing and save you. I promise.⑳
Even I was surprised by that. I'd never said anything so gallant before.
It must have been that baseless sense of duty talking.
The more I talked with her, the stronger it got.
But I didn't care about where it came from anymore.
It didn't matter whether it was love, duty, or even a curse like Kiko suggested.
⑳I swear I'll save you.⑳
⑳Maybe you think I'm too late...⑳
⑳...but I vow to break that thing someday.⑳
⑳...Even though... it's too late...?⑳
⑳It's never too late. I'm here, and so are you.⑳
⑳I'll save you, whether I'm late or early.⑳
⑳...Susuhara...⑳
At that moment, the silence was suddenly shattered by a ghastly roar.
A visceral roar that shook the very pit of my stomach.
The ground trembled as I heard something slimy and gooey approaching us.
⑳What was that? I'm going to take a look.⑳
⑳You're not going to like it either way.⑳
She was probably right.
But whatever that thing was, I needed to know if it posed us any threat.
No, that wasn't it...
What I really wanted to know was what in the world this place was, and whether I was still sane or not.
The thing howled ominously again, and then I remembered exactly what it was.
The piles of meat, trembling as they gave off a rancid stench straight out of a sewer.
Yes... It was the giant, eerie blob that'd broken me and Kurokami's limbs.
It was bulging far more repulsively than it had back in my bath.
The blob squirmed where it stood, filling the stairwell.
It was as tall as the ceiling itself.
Despite that, it pulsated as it slowly but surely pushed its way down the stairs...
⑳Bbebe babe bou bibibb? Bi bab bbebb bou, Bbubabi...⑳
That nightmare had come back to life with a vengeance.
It was searching. That blob was searching for us!
Though it was struggling to fit through the stairwell, it wouldn't be long until it got through.
And once it did, there would be nothing to stop it. The lobby ceiling was too high to impede it.
I had to run!
Back in the nightmare, my sense of fear was numbed. It just hadn't felt real enough to warrant it.
But this was a different story. The terror was more than present.
My legs trembled in fright at the horror before me. I couldn't stop it. I couldn't fight back.
However, I knew that I couldn't stay here.
(I-I need to get out of here! As soon as possible!)
(No, wait, not just me! I have to take Kurokami with me!)
⑳...The meat...⑳
⑳Don't you remember, Kurokami? That's the thing that broke your arms and legs in that nightmare!⑳
⑳Heh...⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳...Heee...⑳
⑳Ku-Kurokami...⑳
We'd been having a normal conversation just a minute ago.
But now, it was like she'd been tuned to a different radio station.
Kurokami's eyes were dull and devoid of life.
⑳A-Anyway, we can't stay here! We have to run!⑳
⑳...Go...⑳
This was bad. She didn't understand what was happening here.
She was spacing out, just like in class every day.
But I couldn't ignore her. That blob would never pass up on a toy like her.
⑳Sorry, this might hurt!⑳
⑳...Hhaah...⑳
I grabbed her arm and tried to lift her up.
When I did, her cast caught on the doll sitting next to her, and we lost our balance.
I caught her in my arms and fell to the floor on my back.
⑳I'm sorry, are you okay?!⑳
⑳...⑳
That was a stupid question. She was in no state of mind to communicate, after all.
But the moment I thought that, the faintest hint of light returned to her eyes.
Kurokami was lying on top of me, her face just a hair's breadth away from my eyes and nose.
⑳Ku-Kurokami?⑳
⑳...Hhh...⑳
⑳...Hhaah...⑳
⑳Mmhn?!⑳
Her sweet breath tickled my nose... and then she kissed me right on the lips.
She tried prying open my lips with her warm tongue, which squirmed alluringly.
⑳Ku-Kuroka—mmm, mmm!⑳
⑳...Haah... hhh...nhh...⑳
Though I knew the situation was far from normal, a devilish little whisper inside me was telling me to give in to my carnal instincts.
Her breath... her tongue... it was all so... enticing...
N-No... I-I couldn't...
This wasn't... the time... for this... But I...
⑳...Susuhara... I'm so... so happy... I met you...⑳
⑳I don't care if you're late. All that matters is that you're here.⑳
⑳Snap out of it! We don't have time for this!⑳
⑳Susuhara... haah... Susuhara... I'm so... so happy...⑳
⑳...Haah, haah... Love me...⑳
⑳What...?⑳
⑳Please... haah, haah... hhh... aaah...⑳
⑳Love me... Love me, Susuhara... Haahhhh, mmmhhh...!⑳
⑳Kurokami... Sto—⑳
Kurokami clung to me like a snake.
The cast on her left leg fell off, but she paid no heed to that.
Her face and breaths became a sweet poison that invaded my brain.
All my blood vessels were aching, urging me to give in to this alluring temptation.
⑳...Haah, mmm... aaah, aaaah!⑳
⑳Kuro...ka...mi... mmmh...⑳
⑳Haah, love me... love me, love me...!⑳
⑳Haaah, mmmhnnn!⑳
⑳Love me! Haah, haaah!⑳
⑳Love me, love me, Susuhara! I want your love, I want your child!⑳
⑳Fill me! Fill me! Fill me with your love! As deep as you can!⑳
⑳Haaah, mhnnnnnnnnnnn, mmmmmmm! Susuhara...!⑳
I felt like a fly caught in a spider's web.
Kurokami preyed on me as she moaned about love.
My veins were throbbing in anticipation for pleasure yet to come. I couldn't fight back the desire screaming at me to give in to her...
⑳Hah, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
All of a sudden, there was an unpleasant laugh.
The moment she heard it, Kurokami froze completely.
She raised her upper half to find out who'd laughed...
No, judging by her face, she must have already known who it was.
She looked like a kid who'd been caught with her hand in the cookie jar.
⑳So now Toé shows up flirtin' with Susuhara, eh?⑳
⑳Ha ha, this dream keeps findin' new ways to piss me off!⑳
Kamenuma laughed, an unstable look in his eyes.
⑳'Ey there, Susuhara. You sure look confused.⑳
⑳Kame...numa...⑳
⑳This chick's fucked in the head.⑳
⑳She's so messed up she wants any guy she sees.⑳
⑳Sir... Sho...⑳
⑳You've got it... all wrong... You're the only... one... for me...⑳
⑳Heh. You'll say that to anyone!⑳
⑳You're no woman. You're a dog! A bitch in heat!⑳
Maybe there was some truth to what he said.
After all, Kurokami was clinging to Kamenuma's leg like a dog.
And she kept coming back no matter how many times he kicked her.
That pitiful sight was exactly like watching a dog begging its master for scraps.
⑳Please... haah, haah... grace me with your love... Sir Sho...⑳
⑳You spewed the same crap to Susuhara just now, didn't ya?⑳
⑳Hey, Susuhara, ain't that right? It is, ain't it?⑳
I couldn't think of anything to say to that. The whole thing had lost all sense of reality, resembling something straight out of a nightmare.
Yes... that had to be it. This was all just some horrible dream, wasn't it?
The continuation of the nightmare I'd had back in the bathroom.
As soon as I realized that, the whole scenery suddenly seemed to warp violently.
⑳Please, Sir Sho... It has to be you...⑳
⑳Haah, haah, I want to have your child...⑳
⑳Shut up, bitch. You'll hump anythin' that moves!⑳
⑳Just bark like the dog you are! How dare you even try to talk like a human?!⑳
⑳Aaah... Sir Sho... Sir Sho...!⑳
I just didn't understand Kurokami anymore...
I thought I did just a little while ago, but was that all just part of the nightmare?
The slimy, grotesque blob showed itself.
It had finally made it down the stairs and was heading right our way.
The blob had terrified me just a minute ago, but that all suddenly seemed worlds away.
Right. Because this was all a dream. A bad dream, that's all...
⑳What now? A big fat monster? Really?!⑳
⑳Come on, that ghost lady from before was way creepier! Ha ha ha ha!⑳
It seemed Kamenuma was already fully aware this was a nightmare.
He wasn't fazed by the creepy giant blob in the slightest—rather, he was downright amused by its bizarre appearance.
Kurokami was now completely focused on him.
She moaned obscenely as she kept clinging to his leg.
The more I saw that, the stupider I felt for ever being scared in this situation.
⑳Tch. You're as persistent as the rest of these things.⑳
Kamenuma shrugged off Kurokami as he hurled obscenities at her.
I raised my head to see who he was talking to and realized a sinister shadow had appeared unnoticed.
It was dark as a void, but had long hair that reached its feet, giving it the appearance of a woman.
Withered branches sprouted out of its head like horns.
⑳Kamenuma, r-run for it...⑳
⑳I've had enough of runnin' around already!⑳
⑳This is all just a dream anyway, so might as well put an end to it right here and now!⑳
Kamenuma spread his arms and waited for her.
The foreboding shadow also spread its arms and grabbed him.
⑳H-Heh heh... Ow... Fuck, ow...⑳
Kamenuma tried to act tough, but the pain won over in the end.
I clearly heard the sound of a withered branch breaking.
⑳Ghhh, kghhh...⑳
⑳Agh... khhhhhh, gghhh!⑳
A moment later, Kamenuma's upper half snapped like a decayed tree, and collapsed backwards with a visceral splash.
His head, arms, and elbows smashed into pieces on the floor and scattered into chunks.
But his legs remained standing.
Despite that, Kurokami just kept clinging to his leg.
I felt no fear. I'd already grown numb to such emotions.
⑳Ha... ha ha ha ha...⑳
All I could do... was laugh.
I couldn't think of any other way to express what I was feeling.
⑳...Go... a...⑳
⑳...No, that's not it... Susuhara...⑳
Kurokami turned to me as though she didn't notice the shadow that had so brutally killed Kamenuma.
It seemed she'd already lost interest in the scattered pieces that used to be him.
The change in her behavior was far more terrifying than the monster.
⑳You're... all I have...⑳
⑳I've waited for you... for so... so long...⑳
⑳...I mean it... I really... have... been waiting...⑳
⑳I don't get you... ha ha, ha...⑳
⑳I just... don't get you... anymore...⑳
Still lying on my backside, I scooted away from Kurokami as she slithered toward me.
That sight must have been quite saddening for her.
Her eyes welled with tears and warped with sorrow.
But I couldn't accept her. All I was capable of at that point was laughing in disbelief...
Just then, the female shadow, its arms spread wide, lunged toward me.
⑳...Susu...hara...⑳
⑳Ha ha... ha ha ha...⑳
⑳Please... you have to believe me... I've resisted it... all this time...⑳
⑳Ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
Her suggestive words were all nonsense.
I was a fool for ever thinking there was some kind of mysterious fate at play and falling for her spell.
⑳Someone like you... couldn't possibly know me.⑳
⑳We're just strangers who only talked for the first time yesterday. We have no bond. No destiny.⑳
⑳...Susu...hara...⑳
⑳There's nothing. Absolutely nothing. Ha ha ha... So why... did I ever get involved with you?⑳
It was just as Kiko said.
I should have never gotten involved with this insane girl.
(Ha ha, so that's why all this insane stuff is happening...)
⑳Don't... give me... that sad look...⑳
⑳Ha ha ha ha ha... I could ask the same of you.⑳
⑳Why are you giving -me- that sad look?⑳
⑳I don't understand at all anymore...⑳
The quivering blob was right behind me, with the sinister shadow that pulverized Kamenuma right before me.
Meanwhile, Kurokami was clinging to my leg.
The blob would twist my neck with its hairy arm-shaped lumps...
...while the shadow would fall upon me.
⑳Ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha... So I have to choose between Scylla and Charybdis now?⑳
Which would kill me? The blob? The shadow? No. It was definitely Kurokami.
Just then, the shadow and the blob started fighting over me.
Kurokami kept babbling her nonsense as she gazed seductively at me.
All I could do was keep laughing dryly, as if it were the funniest thing in the world.
However, my heart ached yet again at the sight of her moist eyes.
All of a sudden, I heard a death cry.
The fleshy blob descended upon me and smashed my head to bits.
It seemed the monsters' fight was over.
Ha ha, ha ha ha... I felt just like Kamenuma.
This was all just some repulsive nightmare anyway...
...so I wanted it to end as soon as possible.
Ha ha ha... Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha...
...
...When did I get here?
No, it was the other way around. Where had I been all this time?
Kurokami was still sitting in the wheelchair, her father pushing her along.
And I was still standing right in front of them.
Had I... been standing here all this time?
⑳...⑳
Just then, Kurokami stood up on her broken leg.
⑳Kurokami...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I don't... understand you anymore...⑳
⑳I... understand.⑳
⑳And... because I'm the only one who does, my heart will... *sob*⑳
Kurokami bitterly ground her teeth, and wept.
I was bewildered, yet my heart ached at her tears once more.
⑳Stop it... You can't deceive me anymore.⑳
⑳I should have never gotten involved with you.⑳
It felt like I was tearing my own heart in two. Just a short while ago, I was telling her how I'd save her.
Yet here I was now, cruelly denouncing her.
Even so, I just didn't understand what was what anymore.
An empty laugh burst out of me, just like in that nightmare.
⑳I'm... deceiving you...?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You're... the one... deceiving me...⑳
⑳No...⑳
⑳...No more.⑳
⑳I can't stand this life... any longer...⑳
⑳Kurokam—⑳
...
...What...?
It took a few seconds before a woman screamed in shock.
After all... there was now... a gaping hole... in my neck...
⑳Khaah... haaah...⑳
My empty laugh no longer exited through my mouth.
It just leaked vapidly out the new hole in my neck.
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! He's bleeding! There's so much blood!⑳
⑳T-Toé...⑳
⑳Father... Please forgive me...⑳
⑳I... cannot stand this life... any longer...⑳
⑳...No... more...⑳
Kurokami tightened her grip on the box cutter in her hand.
She then looked into my eyes...
⑳...You really were... too late...⑳
⑳So now... I can finally... rest... in peace...⑳
And with that, she spoke no further.
Only vivid blood gushed through the new hole squirming on her own neck.
I was rapidly losing consciousness. The world was fading into pitch-black darkness.
I no longer understood anything. My mind couldn't wrap itself around it.
My feelings, hers, what had happened, what was happening...
I didn't understand any of it anymore.
Sorry, Kiko...
I should... have never... gotten mixed up... with her...
...
...
...
⑳Kamenuma?⑳
⑳How are you feeling? Think you can get up?⑳
Hinagata opened the curtain to find Kamenuma still sleeping in the infirmary bed.
However, he had the covers over his head, so she couldn't see how he was doing.
⑳Kamenuma? Sleeping like a baby, are we?⑳
Hinagata rolled back the covers with an impish smile.
Her shrill scream echoed throughout the school...
I woke up in what probably was a hospital bed.
My body was sluggish, and there were bandages wrapped around my neck.
I tried moving a little, only for my throat to sting.
But it seemed I'd survived.
I had to find out if I was still in that nightmare.
I slowly got out of bed as I tried to find the angle that least hurt my neck.
I opened the curtains slightly... and felt a surge of relief at the sight of the lights of the town.
Good. I wasn't in that maddening nightmare anymore.
There was no girl clinging to my leg.
No disgusting blobs roaring, and no sinister shadows to be seen.
This was, without a doubt, the real world...
...Wait... The... real... world...?
I saw orange flickers in the night outside.
Those flickers rose up into the pitch-black sky one after another like fireworks.
They were... like dragons.
I saw dragons painted in flames rising up all over town...
It was an unimaginably beautiful sight straight out of a fairytale.
A dreamlike scenery not of this world...
This world... was a dream.
And it wasn't just me this time.
The whole world... had been sucked into a nightmare.
The blazing dragons turned into tornados and spun up into the heavens.
The scorching hellfire tore up both the night sky and the veneer of reality that covered the world and burned them all away.
The world... was burning to ashes.
And so would this place before long.
Dragons of fire spouted out over town, one after another.
I felt like I locked eyes with one of those newborn dragons.
Forgive me... Kiko...
I should have listened to you...
Maboroshihime: Illusion Princess
That chess piece with the horse's head... That's called a knight, right?
But these pieces were huge. Just one of them was the size of a liquor bottle.
That piece was pinched between even larger fingers and smashed head-on into one of mine.
The remainder of the piece scattered about with a thrilling sound.
The audience of card soldiers cheered.
⑳Ehee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee! Another one of your piecesh ish mine!⑳
⑳Ehee hee hee hee hee hee ha ha ha!⑳
The Ssech King's head alone was as huge as a boulder, so his disgusting laugh was boomingly loud.
He wore an outfit befitting the king of the card soldiers, topped with a bowl-cut and coke bottle glasses. What's more, he had pimples all over his face.
On the visual and auditory discomfort scale, he'd win in a landslide, no questions asked.
⑳We lost it! We lost another one, Elice!⑳
⑳We're so close, but we don't have enough pieces! We're short again! Aaaaah!⑳
Mr. Rabbit gripped his head helplessly.
⑳Get a grip, Mr. Rabbit. It's like you're hooked on a rigged slot machine.⑳
⑳You've been saying 'we're so close' for ages now. You got any idea how many pieces I've paid for?⑳
⑳I'm sorry, Elice! I'm so sorry! But victory should still be just a stone's throw away!⑳
There was a gargantuan chessboard between us and the Ssech King.
On it were a mix of what appeared to be red and black chess pieces.
But this was in fact ssech, a game similar to but completely different from chess.
I had no idea what the rules were.
You know how knights have a very specific movement pattern in chess? Yeah, that was all out the window in ssech.
The whole thing made no sense. Like, you could move one square if a black cat jumped out, or you could hide behind another piece if a thrush chirped.
Even though I was the player, I had no choice but to leave my fate in the hands of this rabbit who knew the rules.
⑳Too bad, you losht shuch an important piece!⑳
⑳Mr. Rabbit, was that piece really such a big deal?⑳
⑳Yeah, I was about to use it to strike and turn the whole game around! Really!⑳
⑳Ehee hee hee! Now your offenshe ish in shamblesh yet again!⑳
⑳You were sho close! You could have actually cornered me!⑳
⑳Ugh, I hate this! Now that we've lost that piece... aah!⑳
⑳*sigh* This is what happens when you don't focus. Get your head in the game...⑳
⑳You've shtill got piecesh lying around, you know? The game'sh only jusht getting shtarted!⑳
⑳Oh boy...⑳
⑳Fine... But this really is the last time, got it?⑳
⑳Elice! Thank you! You're a lifesaver!⑳
Some parts of ssech resembled shogi.
Much like that game, you could add new pieces to the board.
The card soldiers cheered with joy when they learned I'd decided to add new pieces.
⑳Still, it's kind of a pain to create new pieces. That's the whole problem.⑳
⑳But your strength always wins out! I only wish I could be so brave...⑳
⑳Hey, it's cool.⑳
⑳Just leave it to Princess Elice!⑳
A trolley with tools showed up, and the audience cheered again.
...Boy, they sure don't pull any punches, huh.
The card soldiers' trolley contained an assortment of sickening torture tools whose purpose I didn't want to imagine.
⑳What new piecesh will you bring out thish time?! I'd hate for it to be shomething powerful!⑳
⑳God, you're annoying. Hey Mr. Rabbit, checkmate him for real this time, okay?⑳
⑳That's the idea! We'll get a bunch of strong pieces and checkmate him in one fell swoop!⑳
⑳A bunch of strong pieces? Which ones, and how many this time?⑳
⑳Umm, er... you're not gonna like it...⑳
⑳Bring it on. For I, Princess Elice, will defend the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom!⑳
⑳Ehee hee hee! Shuch a valiant princessh! I'm liking you even more!⑳
⑳Now I know I musht have your country and add you to my new family!⑳
⑳Ugh, yeah, no thanks.⑳
⑳Mr. Rabbit, you better have some strong pieces in mind.⑳
⑳So, which ones do you need?⑳
The rabbit fidgeted apologetically.
⑳Your left pinky and wrist. Also, if I could get four fingers from your right hand, we'd definitely win...⑳
⑳You sure? Those ones'll really do the job?⑳
⑳I-I'd like your left eye too, if you don't mind. I just know that'll be enough to win! I know it!⑳
⑳Fine, I'll throw in one extra as a freebie. But you'd better win this time, you hear me?⑳
⑳Th-Thank you, Elice!⑳
⑳Th-Then... we should be able to get another piece with three of your front teeth and two from the back...⑳
⑳Yeah yeah. Take as much as you want.⑳
⑳Thank you, Elice! We'll seize victory for sure! Trust me!⑳
⑳Oh no, thish ish bad! You're bringing out a ton of shtrong onesh!⑳
⑳Now I'm gonna loshe! Noooooooo!⑳
⑳A lady's fingers, arm, and teeth are a small price to pay if it means never seeing your pimply mug again.⑳
⑳Why, I'm hurt! I can't take all that hate!⑳
⑳I'm sorry, Elice! I'm so sorry!⑳
⑳I-I'll try to make it as painless as possible!⑳
And with that apology...
...Mr. Rabbit picked up a torture tool similar to a giant pair of nail clippers, and approached me.
The animated audience suddenly fell silent and gulped as they watched.
When I thought about it, the main attraction of this game—no, this show...
...was less the match itself, and more the adding of new pieces.
After all...
...even the Ssech King was watching me with far more excitement than when he took any of the pieces on the board.
Wasn't he intending to make me part of his family?
At this rate, my whole body would become ssech pieces before that ever happened, wouldn't it?
⑳O-Okay. I'll start with your left pinky.⑳
⑳I'm sorry. Elice. I'm so, so sorry...⑳
⑳Don't apologize. Just checkmate him for me.⑳
Mr. Rabbit placed the nail clippers—no, finger clippers made for the sole purpose of cleaving off a left pinky—above my left hand.
Why was such a large audience so quiet?
It'd be way easier to distract myself if they were cheering like they were before.
⑳Stop jittering. Just get it over with in one clean go.⑳
⑳It hurts more when you try to be considerate, like last time.⑳
⑳O-Okay. Sorry. I'll make sure it doesn't hurt more than it has to...⑳
Mr. Rabbit put the tip of the razor-sharp blade against the last finger I had on my left hand.
Yes, that's right. I'd already given up the others in exchange for more pieces.
⑳You're gonna cut off my wrist anyway, right? Can't you just start with that?⑳
⑳Sorry... It's the rules.⑳
⑳O-Okay... Here I go...⑳
⑳Ehee hee hee hee hee...!⑳
I'd be damned if I gave that pimple-faced bastard and the audience anything to rejoice over.
Don't acknowledge it. Don't acknowledge it...
⑳O-One, two...⑳
⑳C'mon, enough with the countdown. Just do it already.⑳
⑳O-Okay...⑳
⑳...Ngh!⑳
...Don't acknowledge it. Don't... acknowledge it...
I felt like there was a red-hot iron searing the spot where my pinky used to be, now swollen a hundredfold.
The swelling ached in sync with the rapid beating of my heart.
But no. I couldn't acknowledge it. I couldn't bear it if I did.
I simply stared off into space as I bit my upper lip, my eyes widening.
And then I concentrated solely on the thought that I was nothing more than a statue.
⑳Next is... your left wrist. Oh, wait, it hurts more when I try to be considerate, right? Sorry about that!⑳
I didn't care anymore. I just wanted to get it over with.
It was taking all I had to wear a mask of composure. It was suffocating.
Just then, I locked eyes with the Ssech King.
He, along with the audience of card soldiers, stared at me with rapt attention.
Their faces were lit up with anticipation.
(Screw you all. Like hell I'll play to your expectations.)
(Like hell, like hell, like hell...!)
I felt like my brain had been stabbed with a sharpened ice pick.
And immediately after, the sensation in everything from my left wrist up had become a giant scorching heart, which beat violently.
I couldn't acknowledge it. I couldn't acknowledge it. I couldn't accept that sensation.
I was a statue. I was a statue. A statue... A statue... A... sta...tue...
⑳Aah, aaah... aaaaaahhhhh...⑳
I fought back everything building in my throat. If I released it, that meant I would have acknowledged it.
But despite all my efforts... I whimpered anyway...
⑳Ehee! Did you shay shomething? Did you? Did you?⑳
⑳No...thing... at... all...⑳
I put on the bravest face I could muster, yet couldn't hide the beads of cold sweat seeping down my face.
Even so, I couldn't acknowledge it. I couldn't acknowledge it...
I would never give the damned audience... what they... wanted...
⑳N-Next is four fingers from your right hand... Are you okay? Are you okay?⑳
⑳I told you... not to... show any... consideration... for me...⑳
I gave the rabbit a twisted smile to show I was fine, even as sweat poured down my forehead.
I couldn't accept it hurt... I couldn't acknowledge it. I couldn't acknowledge it...
Just then, there was a gust of air out of nowhere, carrying a leaf.
The leaf caressed my left hand...
...and I felt my desperate resistance shatter to pieces.
Aaaaaaaaaaah, aaghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
⑳Gghhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagggggggggggggh!⑳
I unleashed a scream of agony from deep within.
It was too late. Now that I'd acknowledged it, it was all too late...
A gushing sensation I'd been ignoring from the stump that used to be my left hand assaulted me. It felt like a fire hose.
It reached my brain, and with that, I lost the willpower to hold back my screams.
The audience immediately burst into a tumultuous uproar of laughter.
That sight spun around like a whirlpool, and it swallowed me up.
But I wouldn't let it take my sanity. Just then, I felt cold metal press against my right hand.
Mr. Rabbit had just finished setting up a horrific metallic device that would rip off my fingers.
⑳A-Are you ready?⑳
⑳I-I can't do it...⑳
⑳I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I just can't do it...⑳
⑳But we won't have enough pieces unless we take four of your fingers, your left eye, three of your front teeth, and two of your back...⑳
⑳I can't, I can't, I'm telling you, I can't... I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't...!⑳
⑳I'm sorry, Elice, but this is a matter of national security. Forgive me...⑳
Gaaah, aaaah, aah, aah...
⑳I can't get enough of that shcream! Ehee hee hee hee hee ha ha ha!⑳
The card soldier audience surged in a wave of ecstasy and excitement. Pimple Face was also rolling around with laughter.
But Mr. Rabbit's display of consideration was just as annoying to me.
⑳Are you okay? Are you okay? It hurts, doesn't it? I'm sorry, I'm so sorry!⑳
⑳All that's left are your eye and your teeth. Which should we start with?⑳
(What does it matter? It's all the same. Why don't you take my place for a change, huh?)
⑳All right, ish your eye next? Your front teeth? Or your back onesh?⑳
⑳What do you think, people?⑳
⑳The eye! Eye! Eye! Eye! Eye!⑳
⑳Her front teeth! Pull those grinding teeth right out!⑳
⑳Which one?! I won't know unless you choose!⑳
I couldn't acknowledge the pain. I wouldn't be these bastards' entertainment...
Ughhhhh... Ghh...
⑳O-Okay, let's start with the eye, I guess.⑳
⑳Then I can't see half of your disgusting face anymore!⑳
⑳Ehee hee hee! How brave of you, princessh!⑳
⑳O-Okay, I understand, Elice...⑳
⑳I'll end it in a flash so it doesn't hurt!⑳
Even if it would only take a second to crush it, the pain would still linger for a long, long time.
But I couldn't let that fear show. I was strong. I had to smile, even in times like these.
Mr. Rabbit took a birdcage-shaped torture tool and put it on my head.
There was now a sharp, pointy drill literally staring me in the eye.
Mr. Rabbit shut the hinges tight so I couldn't take it off.
⑳Okay, I won't count this time, all right? You told me not to, so I won't.⑳
He spun a handle attached to the cage.
Just then, the drill approached my eye with a grinding noise.
I closed my eyes... and the drill hit my eyelid.
The drill shrieked as it pierced right through it.
However, my smile never broke.
I had to smile, or I'd lose. That was my belief.
But just then, all of that suddenly receded.
I heard someone calling me.
Who? Who was it?
Whoever it was, I could tell...
...that their calls had ended this nightmare.
But... this was the first time that'd ever happened.
⑳...Are you okay?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Huh...?⑳
There was a boy in front of me.
He wasn't in my class. This complete stranger had been the one calling out to me.
⑳A-Are you talking to me?⑳
⑳Yes. You looked rather pale, so I called out to see if you were all right.⑳
⑳...⑳
I didn't know him, but the purity in his eyes conveyed his sincerity.
If he hadn't said anything, I'd probably be continuing to suffer in my nightmare.
Still, though, I felt like today's dream had been particularly horrible.
I couldn't remember it well, but it had definitely been an awful one.
⑳*sigh* Ha ha, I dunno who you are, but thanks.⑳
⑳See, thing is, I've got a bit of a case of nightmaritis.⑳
⑳Nightmaritis?⑳
⑳I'm crazy, so I get bad daydreams all the time, y'see.⑳
⑳I dozed off right after lunch and had this really messed up nightmare, apparently.⑳
⑳That could be a symptom of some disease.⑳
⑳Maybe you should go to the infirmary and talk to the doctor about it?⑳
⑳The school doctor? Aha ha ha, I see Mayuhin all the time. I'll be A-OK!⑳
⑳You seem pretty fine to me. That's a relief.⑳
⑳Yeah. But tell a doctor about it, okay?⑳
⑳Dreams often reflect the condition of the mind.⑳
⑳Thanks. But I kinda doubt that's how it is in my case.⑳
⑳Elice in Nightmareland is no Alice in Wonderland, after all.⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳Anyway, thanks a bunch.⑳
⑳You were passing by because you had things to do, right?⑳
⑳Lunch break is short. So you'd better hurry.⑳
⑳Thank you. Bye.⑳
⑳Let's go, Natsu.⑳
⑳Seriously, it's just a scratch.⑳
⑳A real man heals his wounds by licking them!⑳
⑳You shouldn't. What would you do if you got infected?⑳
⑳It's embarrassing for a high school boy to go to the infirmary over a tiny scratch.⑳
⑳Don't say that. You need to put some disinfectant on it.⑳
⑳Nooooooooo! I hate that stuff! It hurts like hell!⑳
⑳Don't be like that. Come on, let's go to the infirmary.⑳
⑳Ow, owwwwww! Quit pulling! Your beastly strength hurts!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Excuse us. Could we have some disinfectant?⑳
⑳Mgh!⑳
⑳We're sorry for interrupting your nap!⑳
⑳No, I wasn't sleeping!⑳
⑳I was just nodding off in the sun, that's all!⑳
⑳Heh heh heh, an excuse like that would get you detention for sure!⑳
⑳Besides, weren't you sleeping when I came by last week, too?⑳
⑳Please! Don't tell the vice-principal!⑳
⑳Otherwise, I'll get yelled at→Get a horrible assessment→Get fired→Get left out in the cold→Die!⑳
⑳So please, not a word!⑳
⑳If you don't say anything, then maybe I'll give you some... naughty private lessons, just for you...⑳
⑳But then I take hidden photos of the incident→Make some threats→Get that hush money→Live large→Find love with a handsome celebrity?!⑳
⑳Su-Susuhara... you just punched her right in the stomach... You're truly a great man...⑳
⑳Well, it seemed she was still sleepy, so I thought she could use a little wake-me-up.⑳
⑳Nice punch... Thanks, I feel better... Ughhh...⑳
⑳So why are you here? Did he get in trouble and hurt himself again?⑳
⑳This wound is a man's badge of honor!⑳
⑳Yep, if anyone can put up with a little pain, it's you.⑳
⑳Heh heh heh. It doesn't sound so bad when you put it like that.⑳
⑳So a little stinging from disinfectant should be nothing for you, right?⑳
⑳Oh, we've got that, all right. Some real good, -real- painful disinfectant!⑳
⑳S-Stop! Lemme go, Susuhara!⑳
⑳Aah, aaah, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳Good, all done.⑳
⑳Thank you. Now that cut should heal up nicely.⑳
⑳You were pretty cool for putting up with that, Natsu.⑳
⑳Y-Yeah. A man like Natsuya Atsuta ain't some pansy who cries about disinfectant...⑳
⑳Heh heh. You're at the height of your youth, so it's only natural you'll get a ton of injuries.⑳
⑳That aside, you're Suzumu Susuhara, right?⑳
⑳You're a very thoughtful friend, aren't you? He's like fire and you're like ice, so you kind of make for a perfect pair.⑳
⑳Aw yeah! Now the Great Susuhara and I have finally been acknowledged as a pair!⑳
⑳You keep calling me that, but what's with the Great Susuhara thing, anyway?⑳
⑳It's because you're a mega ultra super rare great man, that's why!⑳
⑳Yeah, but... it kind of sounds like a wrestler's name.⑳
⑳Say, Great Susuhara. Great Atsuta.⑳
⑳Oh, I'm far from a great man now. But try calling me that sometime later!⑳
⑳Okay then, Great Susuhara. Normal Atsuta.⑳
⑳I don't like that much either...⑳
⑳Okay then, Great Susuhara. Abnormal Atsuta.⑳
⑳Anything but that!⑳
⑳Aha ha ha. I don't think it matters what people call you. You'll still be cool in my eyes.⑳
⑳Anyway, are either of you in any clubs?⑳
⑳No, none.⑳
⑳You do karate, right? You'd definitely be a great legend if you joined the karate club!⑳
⑳Oh really? I did think your fists were rather impressive.⑳
⑳Well, not exactly, but I do practice at home.⑳
⑳Does it keep you busy?⑳
⑳I train every single evening. Never miss a day.⑳
⑳Amazing! So that great power really was forged by daily training, huh?⑳
⑳Mmm... Think you could spare a little time?⑳
⑳Are you inviting us to join a club?⑳
⑳You catch on quick. I'd like you to join a club I advise.⑳
⑳Oh, but don't worry, it's nothing sketchy.⑳
⑳It's got the school's stamp of approval, and you only have to participate when you're free.⑳
⑳We have activities on weekends too, but only once in a while.⑳
⑳What? I don't wanna lose my days off...⑳
⑳Just occasionally. Like, once a month or so.⑳
⑳What club is it?⑳
⑳Heh heh heh heh! I was waiting for that!⑳
⑳Listen well, young men! That club's name is... the LCSC!⑳
⑳LC...⑳
⑳...SC...?⑳
⑳Huh?! Suzumu?! And Atsuta, too?!⑳
⑳So you were in the LCSC, too? I had no idea.⑳
⑳Stop keeping us in suspense and tell us already, Ms. Hinagata!⑳
⑳Just what the heck is the LCSC?! It's got a real great ring to it, that's for sure!⑳
⑳Its official name is the Local Community Service Club—LCSC for short!⑳
⑳Local...⑳
⑳...Community Service Club...?⑳
⑳The LCSC is a club centered around performing community service in the area!⑳
⑳Things like garbage collecting or fundraisers. Stuff that makes people real, real happy!⑳
⑳Well, it's more laid-back than the school's volunteer activities, anyway.⑳
⑳Huh? Aren't you that girl I ran into yesterday?⑳
⑳Uh-huh. By the way, thanks for talking to me then.⑳
⑳So hey, Ms. Hinagata, we're not the only four members, are we?⑳
⑳Nope, there're two more. And both of them are babes, to boot.⑳
⑳That still sounds like barely enough to keep the club going.⑳
⑳I've never even seen this club recruiting members.⑳
⑳Apparently, only those who've caught Ms. Hinagata's eye get to join.⑳
⑳That's right! It's an elite club for those I've personally scouted!⑳
⑳So basically, it's like a do-whatever club for Mayuhin's favorites.⑳
⑳Mayuhin?⑳
⑳Oh, that's because Ms. Hinagata's full name is Mayu Hinagata.⑳
⑳So 'Mayuhin' from 'Mayu Hinagata'...⑳
⑳Ha ha ha. That's an interesting nickname.⑳
⑳Allow me to introduce you! This is Kanae Minobe, a senior and president of the LCSC!⑳
⑳'Sup! I'm Minobe!⑳
⑳And don't call me 'Prez' or anything. I find it kinda annoying, personally.⑳
⑳Y-You're a senior? You're so tiny, I thought you were a freshman.⑳
⑳Yeah, I'm what they call underdeveloped. I've barely grown at all.⑳
⑳But I'm not gonna demand respect from you or anything. Just treat me like any other girl.⑳
⑳All right, Minobe.⑳
⑳Wait, hold on, we haven't decided we'll join yet!⑳
⑳If you join the club and participate, I think you'll have an easier time getting into college or finding a job.⑳
⑳But that's not all! Performing local community service will earn you some serious positive karma points.⑳
⑳It's a wonderful place to build character and nurture a generous soul!⑳
⑳It feels amazing to know you're doing good!⑳
⑳Plus, it makes your heart happy and puts a big, big smile on everybody's faces!⑳
⑳Sounds like you're really into this club, huh, Kiko?⑳
⑳Well, what I really like is how Ms. Hinagata and Minobe make it feel like home.⑳
With so few of them, they were less of a club and more of a group of friends—no, a family.
That cozy atmosphere probably suited Kiko and Minobe well.
⑳Just give it a try and see what you think!⑳
⑳We'll be doing community service this Sunday, so why not join us?⑳
⑳I think getting to see how nice it feels to do good deeds is well worth the time and effort!⑳
⑳I've got a heated duel with my rivals on Sunday...⑳
⑳Well, I'm free, so I'd like to give it a try.⑳
⑳What?! You're really gonna do it, Susuhara?!⑳
⑳Yes. It's said that practitioners of the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style must always strive to do good.⑳
⑳Personal training can only improve your physical skills.⑳
⑳However, I think I can improve my character with the LCSC.⑳
⑳Wonderful! That's right! There's no better way to improve your character and your karma than through the Local Community Service Club!⑳
⑳Suzumu, was it? Sounds like you've got pretty weird taste, Suzumun.⑳
⑳Didn't you join the club because you like it, too?⑳
⑳Well, in my case, I just didn't like the way they handled our school's normal volunteer work.⑳
At Susu High, volunteer work was mandatory for credits.
More specifically, you had to participate in ten volunteer activities that the school would arrange each year.
Since so many participated, it didn't feel different from any other class.
Minobe vastly preferred the coziness of the LCSC to that rigid atmosphere.
This club was centered around volunteer activities, so by joining it, you were exempted from the school's own.
There were several clubs that gave exemptions, but they were all sports clubs aiming for tournaments.
That meant the LCSC was the only non-sports club with that exemption.
⑳Well, when you put it that way, I guess it doesn't sound so bad.⑳
⑳The school's volunteer activities feel like a prison camp.⑳
⑳That's a terrible comparison.⑳
⑳Nah, he's right. It's pretty much slave labor, starring scary teachers as prison guards. I hated it there.⑳
⑳But here, even she can enjoy volunteer work!⑳
⑳Heh heh. Minobe may hate working, but she's always around to help.⑳
⑳I'm happy! I'm so happy she likes the LCSC!⑳
⑳Maybe this is fate.⑳
⑳I never would have expected a girl I randomly talked to one day to be in the same club.⑳
⑳Nyeh heh heh. You think we were destined to meet, eh?⑳
⑳Sorry though. I've already decided that my soulmate is an Arabian oil magnate.⑳
⑳Minobe's a pretty funny person, isn't she? She's always telling weird stories like that.⑳
⑳I'm not trying to be funny, though... Tch.⑳
⑳Well, I guess I could at least give it a spin.⑳
⑳Even the Great Susuhara said he'd give it a try, you know.⑳
⑳So as his friend, you have an obligation to join him, don't you now?⑳
⑳Performing community service with the Great Susuhara!→Building character and friendships!→Being reborn as the Great Atsuta!→Drowning in women!⑳
⑳D-Drowning in women...⑳
⑳N-No! I just thought it'd be perfect training to become a better man!⑳
⑳Let's help them out next Sunday.⑳
⑳I'm sure we'll have fun together.⑳
⑳Guess I've got no choice...⑳
⑳Let's do some community service! I'll train by studying your greatness!⑳
⑳Then it's settled! Okay, I'll explain what we're doing on Sunday!⑳
⑳I know this club is super small, but it really, really makes me happy that we're in it together, Suzumu.⑳
⑳I'm happy you're here too, Kiko. Let's do our best.⑳
⑳By the way, who're those other two babes you were mentioning?⑳
⑳Oh, uh... What I mean is, what're the other club members like?⑳
⑳I'd like to know, too. Maybe we can introduce ourselves if we see them Sunday.⑳
⑳Don't know if that's happening. Nunokawa's very busy, and Kurokami's a fickle one.⑳
⑳...Kurokami?⑳
⑳...Right. The one from our class.⑳
Toé Kurokami...
A mysterious girl who was completely ignored by the entire school.
She never spoke to anyone, nor would she even look them in the eye.
Today, she'd gone to class capriciously, only to leave on a whim and never come back. Just like always.
Even if the teachers noticed, they didn't say anything.
And by this point, her classmates had nothing but bad rumors to spread about her.
I admit I was curious about her, once or twice.
But then...
...Kiko warned me not to get close to her.
If Kurokami wanted to make friends but was being ignored by the others, then I'd want to help her.
But she loved her solitude, and no one wanted to talk to her.
In that case, neither of us had any reason to get mixed up with one another.
However, whenever I heard her name...
...I felt a twinge of pain in my heart for some reason.
...
But just like the girl I'd talked to yesterday happened to be the president of the LCSC...
...fate seemed to work in mysterious ways.
Kurokami happened to be in the LCSC as well. Surely destiny had played a hand in that.
But she wasn't here today.
Maybe that was god's way of saying we weren't ready to meet yet.
If there were some sort of fate binding Kurokami and I, then we'd probably meet eventually...
⑳Are you thinking about Kurokami?⑳
⑳...Yeah.⑳
⑳I don't know why, but I just can't get her out of my mind for some reason.⑳
⑳Boys sure do love the long, black hair look, huh?⑳
⑳If that's your thing, maybe I'll change up my hair, too.⑳
⑳No, I love your hairstyle.⑳
⑳Uh, aah... Th-Th-Th-Thank you...⑳
⑳*whistle* You're quite the Casanova, eh, Suzumun?⑳
⑳We've nabbed a real catch this time. Nyeh heh heh heh!⑳
⑳Okay, we're meeting on Sunday at 8:30 AM! Don't be late!⑳
There wasn't a cloud in the sky on Sunday.
Almost like the weather itself was blessing my first foray into community service.
We were standing in front of Susuda Station.
Though I'd gone to the station several times before, this was my first time coming for a reason other than traveling.
⑳There you are. Man, having boys here makes the LCSC actually feel like a bonafide club.⑳
⑳Good morning, Minobe!⑳
⑳I'm a little nervous. I've never done anything like this before.⑳
⑳Don't sweat it. Though I guess there is a bit of sweating involved.⑳
⑳I've never done a fundraiser before, either...⑳
⑳Guess Kurokami's sitting this out. And Nunokawa said she's busy with work.⑳
⑳Work? I thought part-time jobs were banned at Susu High.⑳
⑳Well, Lilian's a busy bee. If you get lucky, you'll meet her sooner or later, though.⑳
⑳Okay, then let's introduce ourselves to the station master first.⑳
Today, we were holding a fundraiser in front of Susuda Station.
We introduced ourselves to the station master, then took the collection boxes, billboards, and banners out of the storeroom.
⑳We've got more members this time, so let's split into two groups.⑳
⑳Normally, it's just Minobe and I, you see.⑳
⑳It's always good to have more people.⑳
⑳One team will raise money at the south entrance, while the other will do the same at the north entrance.⑳
⑳If we're in two groups, then let's make this a challenge! The team that raises the most wins!⑳
⑳Susuhara, let's shock the world with our great fundraising skills!⑳
⑳Whoa, time out. Suzumun, come over here.⑳
⑳Good. Now Kiki, you go over there. Yeah, like that.⑳
Kiki must've been her nickname for Kiko. How cute.
As per Minobe's instructions, we were split into male/female pairs.
I was with Minobe, while Natsu was with Kiko.
⑳There we go. Having boy/girl pairs definitely makes this more interesting.⑳
⑳Let's do our best, Minobe.⑳
⑳No need to get too enthusiastic here.⑳
⑳All right! Okay Atsuta, let's knock this one way, way out of the park!⑳
⑳Now you're talking! It's on, Susuhara!⑳
⑳Challenge accepted. Let's both try our hardest.⑳
⑳Okay then, how 'bout the losers have to buy the winners drinks?⑳
⑳Sounds good to me! Can't have a bet without some stakes!⑳
⑳But will it really be a fair contest between the two entrances?⑳
⑳Heh heh. You're sharp, Kiki.⑳
The south side of the station, where we were now, was by far the busier one.
Whoever took this side would have a decisive advantage.
⑳So whoever rules the south entrance rules the duel?!⑳
⑳Why don't we decide with rock-paper-scissors?⑳
⑳Er... It'll be real, real bad for whoever loses, though!⑳
⑳Yeah, on second thought, I guess that would make it more of a rock-paper-scissors contest than a fundraising contest.⑳
The winner would take the south entrance, while the loser would be stuck with the north entrance. It really was no better than a rock-paper-scissors competition over drinks.
⑳Mhmm. You're right, that wouldn't be fun at all.⑳
⑳Fine then. Kiki, Natty, you guys can have the south entrance.⑳
⑳Aw yeah! This duel's ours!⑳
⑳You sure about this, Minobe?⑳
⑳Uh-huh, no prob! I -am- the president, even if only on paper.⑳
⑳There wouldn't be any thrill without a handicap like this.⑳
⑳You're so generous. You really are the president, huh?⑳
⑳But if we work hard enough at the north entrance, I'm sure it'll be a fair competition.⑳
⑳Those are some fighting words! But you're a great man, so I won't underestimate you!⑳
⑳Then why don't we switch entrances after noon or something?⑳
⑳No thanks!⑳
⑳We can wipe the floor with you even at the north entrance! Suzumun and I'll prove it, you'll see!⑳
⑳Okay then, good luck to both of you!⑳
⑳It's warm today, so make sure you don't get dehydrated. We brought along canteens, so feel free to use them.⑳
⑳A student gets dehydrated→Death→Responsibility questioned→Disciplinary discharge→Death! Anything but that!⑳
⑳Okey-dokey, let the fundraiser begin!⑳
⑳Let's get a move on, Suzumun! Can you carry the banner and billboard?⑳
⑳Let's give it our best, Atsuta.⑳
⑳You bet! It's on, Susuhara!⑳
⑳Yeah!⑳
⑳Maybe our efforts will get us in the newspaper?⑳
⑳The Wonderful LCSC!→The Beautiful Club Advisor!→And then I make my big TV debut! Oh no, but I don't have anything nice to wear!⑳
Ms. Hinagata wriggled around with an embarrassed look on her face.
Minobe and Kiko were making their way to their positions as though they'd been through this a million times before.
Determined to do our best, Atsuta and I parted ways, then met with our respective teammates.
⑳Okay, let's put the banner together first. Do you know how?⑳
⑳Like this?⑳
⑳Yep, that's perfect.⑳
The banner fluttered in the wind, reading ⑳Aid To Children Orphaned in Car Accidents.⑳
Essentially, we were helping children who'd lost their parents in car accidents.
The money from this fundraiser would be used to financially support them.
⑳My parents are the reason I've been able to have such a peaceful life.⑳
⑳When I think about that, I can't help but be more grateful to them. It makes me want to really put my best foot forward here.⑳
⑳Well, kids have lost their parents over more than just car accidents.⑳
⑳To these kids, it was all a matter of bad luck.⑳
⑳The fact you have parents to thank should make you realize just how lucky you are.⑳
⑳Yeah. You're certainly right about that.⑳
At first glance, Minobe seemed a bit too carefree for her own good.
But that was all on the surface, and she was in fact a good, considerate person.
It was so generous of her to give Kiko and Natsu such a huge advantage like that.
Maybe we'd end up losing this competition.
But it would all be worth it just to see this side of Minobe.
⑳Hmm?⑳
⑳Suzumun, you've got the wrong idea, don't you?⑳
⑳Huh? What do you mean?⑳
⑳We've got drinks on the line here. That's 160 yen per bottle. That ain't cheap.⑳
⑳You know how much that is? You can buy a nine-pack of breadsticks from a 100-yen shop with that money and still have sixty yen left.⑳
⑳With nine breadsticks, you're set for breakfast and lunch! Do you get that?!⑳
⑳I-I don't really understand, but I'm sorry.⑳
⑳Listen up. I didn't throw the match, and this is no handicap, either.⑳
⑳I chose the north entrance so we could win.⑳
⑳You think we can win on this side...?⑳
The north entrance was a bit of a ghost town compared to the south.
Sure, there were still people, but it wasn't nearly as busy.
If fundraising was fishing, then we had cast our lines in a place with few fish, and that didn't seem wise.
...But Minobe was saying such matters were trivial.
Right. This wasn't fishing. We were up against humans, and this was a fundraiser meant to appeal to their consciences.
If we gave it everything we had, then we'd touch their hearts and get them to donate.
⑳That's your plan, isn't it? That's incredible, Minobe. I'm really impressed.⑳
⑳All right. In that case, I'll shout my heart out!⑳
But just as I was about to ask for donations, Minobe held her hand out.
⑳Easy there, tiger. Just leave this to me.⑳
⑳Right now, let's just kick back and wait. Our time will come.⑳
⑳O-Okay.⑳
If there was a trick to winning and she'd chosen the north entrance because of it... then what could it be?
Whatever it was, I would just leave it to Minobe.
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳How long will it be until 'our time?'⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Relax, kid. Almost there.⑳
⑳We are? Now that you mention it, it is a bit more crowded now...⑳
⑳Nyeh heh heh. Those groups should be showing up any second now.⑳
⑳Huh? What did you just say?⑳
⑳Excuse me! If you're heading for the Susuda Labor Hall, it's right this way!⑳
Minobe's shouts caught the attention of some young girls coming out of the north entrance.
A group of three girls rolling suitcases along gave a small bow and thanked her.
Moments later, several more young people dragging suitcases and carts came out of the north entrance one after another.
It didn't seem like they were Susuda residents.
They all passed by and thanked Minobe for showing them the way.
⑳For those of you going to the Susuda Labor Hall, do you have enough change ready?⑳
⑳Once the event starts and everyone's paying with bigger and bigger bills, you'll be out of change in no time!⑳
⑳The Preparatory Committee will be on you in a heartbeat if your lack of change holds your lines up too long!⑳
⑳Make sure you have enough change so you can carry out your sales in peace!⑳
⑳What are you talking about?⑳
⑳Shh. Just watch and learn.⑳
⑳...Um, is there a convenience store nearby?⑳
⑳Not on the way to the Labor Hall, there isn't. You're welcome to do your shopping around the station, of course.⑳
⑳But you'll get some pretty dirty looks if you're just shopping to get change. Lots of people will be doing that.⑳
⑳Oh geez, what am I gonna do? I totally forgot about change!⑳
⑳Uh... are there any banks or places with ATMs nearby?⑳
⑳It's Sunday. There's no place like that open in all of Susuda.⑳
⑳But worry not! We anticipated this and have prepared a special deal just for your groups!⑳
⑳For just a tiny charitable donation, we can break those bills for you!⑳
Minobe opened the bag on her shoulder, revealing multiple bank envelopes.
They were neatly sorted into 1000-yen bills, 500-yen coins, and 100-yen coins.
⑳Okay, here's my donation. Change, please.⑳
⑳This girl says she'll break our bills for us!⑳
⑳Oh, maybe I should do it just in case!⑳
We had a crowd of young men and women lining up before I could even process what was happening.
Everyone generously tossed us 100-yen coins.
Ten-yen coins were generally the standard for fundraisers, meaning that just one of them was worth ten ordinary people.
In other words, we might as well have had dozens of donators lining up.
⑳Minobe... This is just like an exchange counter.⑳
⑳Did you prepare all this knowing all these people would be coming today?⑳
⑳Nyeh heh. I suspected we'd be split into two teams now that we have more members.⑳
⑳Knowing Natty, I also figured he'd be raring for a competition.⑳
⑳Natty⑳ was probably Natsu's nickname. Minobe sure had a knack for those.
⑳I had a hunch he'd suggest a challenge once he knew we'd be splitting up.⑳
⑳So you looked into what the Labor Hall was doing today, and learned these people would be wanting to swap for change...⑳
⑳With 160 yen of drink money on the line, it was all a piece of cake!⑳
I didn't know whether to say she was well-prepared or just plain stingy. I mean, considering she thought 160 yen was a lot of money...
⑳Hi, welcome, buyers! The Susuda Labor Hall is right this way!⑳
⑳But don't go shopping just to exchange your 10,000-yen bills. You'll just cause problems for our local businesses.⑳
⑳And if our whole neighborhood complains, then the Labor Hall won't host the event anymore!⑳
⑳The people you're buying from will have a hard time with those 10,000-yen bills, too! You don't wanna make life difficult for your favorite groups, do you?!⑳
⑳Don't stay out all night or bother people for change to protect the event you all love!⑳
⑳Oh, change, please!⑳
⑳Here's my donation. Can I have some 1000-yen bills?⑳
⑳What's with this line? Are they staff?⑳
⑳Doesn't seem like it. Sounds like they're giving change out to anyone who donates.⑳
⑳I don't wanna get the event shut down or something because we ignored the fundraiser. Let's donate, too.⑳
We were rounding up a massive crowd.
I didn't feel like this was how a proper fundraiser was conducted, but it wasn't like we were tricking them or anything.
Minobe just happened to bring along some change, and these people just happened to want it. They were actually donating out of the goodness of their hearts. Yeah. That was all.
Apparently, she'd known ahead of time that there'd be some kind of event nearby where a lot of young people would show up.
And since she knew there'd be lots of people going through the north entrance today, she also knew they'd want change.
⑳Here I thought fundraising just involved calling out to people and waiting for them to donate.⑳
⑳But I guess it also takes a lot of prior preparation, huh? This was enlightening.⑳
⑳Glad to hear it. Oh, could you get me five 100-yen coins from that envelope?⑳
⑳But what kind of event attracts this many young people?⑳
⑳Bombardment. And boom... You ever heard that one?⑳
⑳No...⑳
⑳Well, there's tons of people coming through Mr. Super North Entrance here to get to it.⑳
⑳*sigh* It sure is heavy, being loaded with Type 93 torpedoes...⑳
⑳I don't really know what you're talking about... but today's been very enlightening!⑳
As noon approached, the crowds died down, and the north entrance went back to its normal peace and quiet.
People sure are strange creatures. If they see a crowd, they join right in.
Thanks to that large crowd of people going to that Bombardment event, even people who weren't stopped by to donate.
As a result, the now-deserted north entrance had netted us enough donations to weigh down our collection boxes.
All thanks to Minobe's scrupulous preparations.
Though I was a bit surprised at just how much money she'd brought along for the exchanges.
⑳I always walk around with all my money.⑳
⑳Never know when an adventure's gonna start, after all.⑳
⑳Adventures are different from those trips you plan and mark on your calendars, right?⑳
⑳You never know when you're gonna get whisked away to some faraway nation!⑳
⑳You're prepared for everything, aren't you?⑳
⑳But you brought tens of thousands of yen for today's money exchange, right?⑳
⑳You must be rich.⑳
⑳Me? Rich?!⑳
Minobe cackled with surprise as if to say, ⑳Don't be ridiculous!⑳
⑳It's the other way around. I'm super poor, so I've made it a habit to always save money.⑳
⑳Because you never know when an adventure will start?⑳
⑳Bingo. And it's not just money. I've also got a knife and lantern in my bag, too!⑳
Minobe opened her bag, revealing various tools that you'd take camping and such.
⑳So this is your adventurer's bag, huh?⑳
⑳Yep. I don't look the part, but I'm actually an adventurer princess! For I am Elice of Wonderland!⑳
⑳Not Alice in Wonderland?⑳
⑳Righto. My name's Kanae, right? So 'Elice' comes from the 'e' in there.⑳
⑳You call me Suzumun, so I figured you'd be Minoben or Kanny or something like that.⑳
⑳The naming conventions for princesses are a bit different than commoners'.⑳
⑳Aha ha, then I'll call you Elice from now on.⑳
⑳Ah, no, don't. It's my name in the other world.⑳
⑳You'd get dragged into it if you started calling me that.⑳
⑳What do you mean by 'that world?'⑳
⑳...Have you heard about the Butterfly Dream?⑳
⑳You mean the question of whether you're a human dreaming of being a butterfly, or if you're a butterfly dreaming of being a human?⑳
⑳And how there's no real way of telling which is right?⑳
⑳To me, that means it's foolish to question whether something is real or a dream.⑳
⑳Exactly. No one knows which is which.⑳
⑳Which means people live in two realities.⑳
⑳Right. If there's no difference between dreams and reality, then they could both be real.⑳
⑳Uh-huh. So in this reality, I'm Kanae Minobe, a high school senior and president of the LCSC.⑳
⑳Meanwhile, in that reality, I'm Elice, princess of the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom.⑳
⑳Arkanae Minobe Kingdom?⑳
It took me a second to get it.
⑳Arkanae⑳ as in ⑳Arcane,⑳ but with her name instead.
She must have come up with the name of the fictional Arkanae Minobe Kingdom based on that.
Minobe really was funny. She was admirable and humorous all in one.
She regaled me with stories of her adventures in the kingdom of her dreams.
From my point of view, she was telling me about things she'd imagined, but she saw it as a bonafide other world.
So to her, these were adventures she'd really gone on.
Though those stories were based off Alice in Wonderland, they were very creative—unique and absurd.
I could listen to them forever.
⑳Well, I am a princess, so I have a duty to protect my kingdom from invaders.⑳
⑳The latest one is a rather persistent bastard called the Ssech King.⑳
⑳So he's the king of a country called Ssech?⑳
⑳Oh, uh, not exactly. Ssech is like this super messed up version of chess.⑳
⑳Then he's this king who's really good at ssech?⑳
⑳Bingo. So anyway, he's always challenging me to ssech matches.⑳
⑳Honestly, I don't have any interest in that stupid game.⑳
⑳But he freaks out and throws a tantrum if I don't play with him.⑳
⑳What's more, he says all this gross stuff about how he'll add me to his family if I lose.⑳
⑳For a Wonderland, that sounds horrible.⑳
⑳Well, playing does put him in a better mood, and he does give me stuff.⑳
⑳But you don't want to play, right? That makes him pretty terrible in my eyes.⑳
⑳If I were there, I'd tell him to go back to where he came from.⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha. You're such a nice guy, Suzumun.⑳
⑳You think so? I was just taught to stand up for what's right, that's all.⑳
⑳And who taught you that?⑳
⑳My dad. He's strict when it comes to discipline.⑳
⑳...I see.⑳
⑳He's strict, but I bet he's a real awesome dad, huh?⑳
⑳It must be thanks to him that you turned out so good.⑳
⑳No, I'm still just a normal guy, working towards being that good someday.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I get it now. Natty's right to call you great all the time.⑳
⑳You took my stories about Wonderland seriously.⑳
⑳Everyone else is all 'uh-huh' or 'whatever' about them, but you were really listening.⑳
Minobe smiled.
Though she was always smiling, it was the first time I'd seen her smile like that.
⑳Even if they're all dreams, your stories about Wonderland are very interesting.⑳
⑳You know those dream diary things? I bet it'd be fun if you wrote about them every day.⑳
⑳Oh, I can't have a dream diary. My mom says they're bad luck.⑳
⑳Besides, they're not dreams to me. They're another world.⑳
⑳Plus, take a look at this.⑳
Minobe took a well-used notebook out of her bag.
The cover read ⑳Elice's Adventures in Wonderland.⑳
⑳What kind of stories do you have in there? I'd love to read them.⑳
⑳No, absolutely not! It's too embarrassing!⑳
Minobe put the notebook back in her bag.
But a bashful smile played on her lips.
⑳You're fighting against the Ssech King now, right?⑳
⑳I look forward to hearing the tale of his defeat.⑳
⑳Yeah, so am I.⑳
⑳Though I'm just the piecemaker. The actual match is in Mr. Rabbit's hands.⑳
⑳What does the piecemaker do?⑳
⑳It keeps coming up in your stories as some kind of role in ssech, right?⑳
⑳...Mmm...⑳
⑳Well, it's complicated. I don't know how to put it in words.⑳
...Not like I could tell him.
Ripping out your own body parts to create new pieces wasn't exactly something you wanted to talk about...
⑳Elice, Elice... Are you okay?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Mmm, ugh...⑳
⑳Oh, thank goodness! Your arm and fingers have grown back. So have your teeth and eye!⑳
⑳Well, I -am- the immortal Princess Elice the Undefeated...⑳
It seemed I'd lost consciousness from having my body ripped apart.
Guess I shouldn't have been surprised. Anyone'd faint after having something that messed up happen to them.
⑳Oh, you're awake! Bueno morning, Princessh Elice!⑳
⑳Did you have a good dream? Ehee hee!⑳
⑳Boy, it'd be so nice if this -were- the dream.⑳
But this was also reality.
That hellish pain, getting my fingers and arm torn off, all of it.
It was then I noticed that rowdy audience of card soldiers had completely vanished.
The only ones there were me, Mr. Rabbit, and the pimple-faced bastard himself, the Ssech King.
What happened to the ssech match?
The audience was gone, so did that mean it was over?
⑳Well? How'd the game go, Mr. Rabbit?⑳
⑳I tried hard! I tried really, really, really hard!⑳
⑳It wash a really closhe game! It wash one hurdle after the next for me!⑳
⑳Yeah, okay, that's enough. I think I get the picture.⑳
Several large pieces of various shapes were strewn across the ssech board.
But they were all black. Not even one of our red pieces was to be found.
⑳You tried really hard... but still lost completely, huh.⑳
⑳I'm sorry! I was so sure I could win while you were unconscious!⑳
⑳I tore out all those body parts for this?⑳
⑳I'm sorry! I really did do my best! You have to believe me, Elice! Waaaaaah!⑳
⑳Ehee hee hee hee hee hee!⑳
⑳Which meansh that you have to keep your promishe, Princessh Elice!⑳
⑳Which one was that again?⑳
⑳Brush all my teeth before I go to sleep?⑳
⑳Our kingdom is now his!⑳
⑳You promished to join my family!⑳
⑳I alwaysh kept promishesh made in ssech, didn't I?⑳
⑳True, guess you always did keep your promises whenever I won.⑳
⑳That'sh right! I've losht sho much and given you sho much money every shingle time!⑳
⑳Sho now it'sh time to keep your promishe!⑳
⑳Now you get to join my new family and be happy with everyone!⑳
⑳They'll all welcome you with open armsh!⑳
Hoo boy. I wanted to tell him my mom was enough family for me, but...
⑳Fine...⑳
⑳*sigh*⑳
He'd just get in a really bad mood and throw a fit if I said no, anyway.
(Fine, but this is just for pretend, all right? Nothing more.)
⑳Ehee hee hee hee! Familial love conquersh all!⑳
⑳Yeah yeah...⑳
⑳Oh, but we've got an outshider here. Hey you! Get losht!⑳
⑳Owwwww! Don't pull my ears!⑳
The Ssech King pulled on Mr. Rabbit's ears, then threw him off into the distance.
Welp, there he went... Like a home run in baseball.
⑳Good! Now our family ish free of outshidersh!⑳
⑳But there'sh jusht one little initiation we've got to take care of before you can join my new family.⑳
⑳Yeah yeah... Playing house sucks...⑳
⑳Now then, shwear that you will join my new family! Shay it!⑳
⑳Ugh...⑳
I'd hate saying anything someone forced me to say.
Especially since I didn't want to say I'd be a part of this pimply-faced bastard's family, even as a joke.
But I'd lost... so I had to keep my end of the bargain.
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...I...⑳
⑳I whaaaat?⑳
No, no, I couldn't sound embarrassed saying it.
This scum was the kind of guy who'd get off on that. I had to say it plain and simple.
⑳I... I will...⑳
⑳...join the Ssech King's... new family...⑳
There, I said it. Happy now?
But right before I could say that... the world went dark, as if someone had flipped a light switch.
The sky's colors were wondrous, typical of a night in Wonderland.
It wasn't black as crow feathers like it was in the other world.
A dazzling, silver moon shone in the heavens.
Countless fairies danced rainbows across the sky.
It would have been a magical sight... if I were the only one here, that is.
⑳Anything looks like crap when you're around...⑳
⑳...⑳
When I turned around, I almost jumped when I saw his eyes and nose right in front of me.
His usual frivolous expression was nowhere to be found.
Instead... he gave me a sharp glare that sent shivers down my spine. One I'd never seen from him before.
I'd always found the Ssech King annoying, but never once had he actually scared me.
Overcome with that fear, I fell on my backside.
The Ssech King smirked, as if he found it amusing.
And just like that, he was back to his usual dumb grin on his ugly pimply face.
⑳I'm sho glad, Elice...⑳
⑳I alwaysh have big rewardsh for obedient girlsh...⑳
He rubbed his grubby hands together as he beamed.
And when he did, a shining grain dropped from them.
... I really didn't like him, but the dirt on his fingers were actually treasures.
Both the real world and Wonderland were capitalist societies.
There was no way I wouldn't be happy to receive something valuable.
After all, the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom was always poor. So this guy's droppings were a real big help.
That's why I always played along with his games, even if I didn't enjoy them.
⑳Go on, take it.⑳
⑳Th-Thanks. You're always so generous...⑳
⑳I'll alwaysh have rewardsh for you ash long ash you're my bride. Aren't you happy?⑳
⑳Of course I am.⑳
⑳But you musht promishe me.⑳
⑳Promise what?⑳
⑳You can't tell anyone about playing my bride, undershtood?⑳
⑳If you do, then no more rewardsh for you. Got it?⑳
He threatened me as menacingly as possible.
Well, I was always glad to have more allowance, and not getting rewards would make things difficult.
So I just nodded for the time being.
⑳Jusht sho you know, thish is all for pretend. Make-believe.⑳
⑳Sho I'm not shaying you have to be my bride 24/7 or anything.⑳
⑳You only have to be my bride on the nightsh of the daysh the clock rabbit hopsh...⑳
⑳Ashide from then, you're alwaysh free to be Princessh Elice.⑳
...Well, I guess I could live with that.
I couldn't handle playing around with him every day, but once in a while was fine.
The treasures he dropped would keep supporting my kingdom, too.
If I only had to play his bride once per consumption of the moon, I could compromise.
Princesses were always doomed to political marriages for the sake of lining their nation's pockets anyhow.
⑳Well, I guess if it's only every now and then...⑳
⑳Thish ish between you and me. Ehee hee hee hee!⑳
⑳Yeah yeah. It's our little secret, got it.⑳
As if anyone would ever volunteer to be this guy's bride.
The Ssech King nodded merrily, unaware of my thoughts.
⑳Then you are my bride from thish day onwardsh!⑳
⑳Yes, dear. Would you like a bath first? Or dinner?⑳
⑳...⑳
...The Ssech King reached for his pumpkin trousers straight out of a picture book...
...and slipped them off.
I was taken aback, expecting to see the embarrassing sight of two ugly legs and underwear.
...But what I saw there defied all expectations.
⑳Oh, looksh like I shurprished you, huh?⑳
⑳...Huh...? What...?⑳
He did indeed have legs.
But not two of them.
How many? I-I couldn't begin to count...
There were way too many.
Because... the Ssech King's lower half... was like a caterpillar the size of a human.
I couldn't take my eyes off that horrifying sight... Those countless legs, constantly squirming... That pattern of venomous dark red blotches...
⑳What do you think of my shpotsh? Aren't they a beauty?⑳
⑳Don't look sho shurprished. We're family now, aren't we?⑳
He reached for his neck as if he were taking off a sweat-drenched shirt.
And then, with a wet, slithering noise...
...he slid his upper body off.
⑳Aaah. Today wash sho hot, I wash shweating up a shtorm...⑳
⑳...⑳
The body I'd thought was the Ssech King himself was sloppily thrown aside.
...He was a giant caterpillar covered in odious red and black spots.
The only thing that remained the same was that disgusting pimple face of his.
I felt like I was going mad from the shock. That was why that aspect of him was actually a minor relief to me.
His countless legs wriggled loudly as he slithered over to me.
Still frozen where I sat, I could only watch as he covered my body with his.
⑳Wh-What are you doing...? Aha, ha...⑳
⑳You're to be part of my Caterpillarland family now...⑳
⑳...sho I want to give you theshe beautiful caterpillar shpotsh, jusht like the resht of the family...⑳
I'd had this idea in my head how playing husband and wife was supposed to be for humans.
But only terrifying images came to mind when it was a giant caterpillar monster talking about it.
With a squishy noise... something came out.
The Ssech—no, the giant caterpillar hanging over me had released something from his abdomen.
It was soft and squishy...
That long object was a sickening dark red on the inside and had a tube with a sharp tip at the end, like a lance.
Strings of white mucus blotched with red dangled from the tip like a nosebleed.
The giant caterpillar let out a strained grunt.
And when he did, something filthy like nasal discharge dripped out the tip.
It was a colorful and repulsive reddish-green concoction not unlike blood within sickly-green snot.
That thing had to be his ovipositor—the tube used for laying eggs.
When I was a kid, I had once caught a grasshopper that wound up stuck on my lawn.
But when I picked it up, I was shocked to the core by how bizarre it had looked.
Something was poking out of the grasshopper's abdomen, piercing the ground.
Confused, I pulled it out.
And when I did, grasshopper eggs fell out of the tip in droves.
The trauma I'd felt seeing that grasshopper laying eggs was staring me right in the face once again.
But... the grasshopper had laid its eggs into the ground.
So why? Why was he pointing his ovipositor... at me?
⑳...Eeee...eeeek...⑳
⑳Don't worry. Nothing to be afraid of. Ehee hee, hee...⑳
The tube brushed my calf... knee... and thigh...
...leaving traces of its bloody mucus on me as it did.
And then... the tube's sharp tip pushed tightly against my thigh.
⑳O-Oww... It hurts... St-Stop it...⑳
⑳Don't worry, don't worry. It won't hurt a bit...⑳
⑳...Eeee...eeeek...⑳
A stabbing sound assaulted my ears.
⑳Aghhhhhhhh, aaaah... aaaaah...!⑳
⑳It won't hurt a bit. It won't hurt a bit!⑳
⑳Stop... it... take... aaaaaaghhhhhh!⑳
The thick tube plunged deeper into my left thigh.
The pain wasn't anything like being injected with a syringe. No, it was like having both a rusty dagger and metal pole shoved into me.
⑳Ovhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, vhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, vhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
⑳Agh, aaaaghhhh, ughhhhhhh!⑳
The Ssech King was no longer speaking a human language.
He let out monstrous roars befitting his appearance as he kept thrusting the tube in and out.
My mind was full of pain, terrifying chills, and nausea. I couldn't even breathe.
Before long, the Ssech King let out a chilling roar...
...and I felt a disgusting surge of heat rush into me.
I took a look toward the tube's tip... and discovered part of my inner thigh swelling up with a fist-sized lump.
The Ssech King's eyes rolled back as he cackled, giving his body over to pleasure I didn't want to imagine.
⑳N-No...⑳
⑳Urvhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, vevhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhvevhhhhhhh...⑳
⑳Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!⑳
He slowly pulled the tube out.
A reddish-brown goop dripped out of the hole in the lump on my inner thigh.
The lump shivered, and an eerie, vivid spot pattern akin to an odious caterpillar's rose to the surface...
But I hadn't reached hell's deepest depths just yet.
There was no way the initiation into this monster caterpillar's family... would end so meagerly.
⑳Vhhhhhhhhgvgggggggg, vvvvghvvvhvhvhvhvhvhvh!⑳
⑳No! No more! Nooooooooooooo!⑳
He rolled up my clothes... and brushed around my navel with the wet tube.
⑳Eeek! N-No, don't! If you stab me there, I-I'll die!⑳
⑳N-No! No, no, no...⑳
⑳Ghhhaggghhhhh, aghhhhhhhhhhhh, aaah...!⑳
⑳Ghhhhhhghh, ghaaaaaaaaah!⑳
He ruthlessly stabbed the tube between my skin and the underlying fat this time.
With ominous grunts, he violently thrust it in and out...
...and then came that chilling roar again.
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
Another fist-sized lump swelled up on the right side of my navel...
...as yet another garishly colored spot pattern rose from the lump.
⑳Please... stop it already... No... Nooooo...!⑳
There was no way he would. The tube moved toward the center of my chest... and then the underside of my left breast.
⑳No more, no more, no more! Stop, please stop!⑳
⑳Relax, I'm jusht covering you in my beautiful shpotsh! Vhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
⑳I don't want them! I don't want them!⑳
⑳I won't be part of your caterpillar family! So just stop!⑳
I was trapped in a torturous cycle.
First would come the grunting. Then the stabbing. Then the roaring. And then...
It hurt, it hurt, it hurt, it hurt! Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it!
The Ssech King let out the same chilling roar over and over again.
Over time, I lost the will to scream.
My left breast became a fat lump and swelled up.
Pleased by his actions, the monster took interest in my right breast next.
Grunting. Stabbing. Roaring.
Grunting. Stabbing. Roaring...
Grunting... Stabbing... Roaring...
...
Pain. Repulsion.
The only way I could find some sort of escape from those was letting my heart freeze over.
The Prince of Moonsoot wouldn't be coming to save me.
Every time I regained consciousness, I found myself being rolled face-up or face-down.
I could see those disgusting swollen lumps all over my body.
I wasn't a caterpillar's bride.
I was just a seedbed... for caterpillar eggs.
Of course I was... I was swollen all over... So even I was like a caterpillar, wasn't I?
Then that really did make me... a caterpillar's bride.
I wasn't playing his bride anymore.
I was the caterpillar monster's bride.
For real.
And then, it showed up with a low hum.
That sound was like the humming of a bee's wings.
No surprise there. After all, if caterpillars could be this big...
...then there was nothing odd about there being bees that size, too.
⑳Vhhhhhh?!⑳
⑳Vrhhvrhhhvrhhhvrhhhvhhhhvhhh?!⑳
⑳Rhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
The giant queen bee attacked the Ssech King.
There was a tiny golden crown on its head.
She was... the ruler of this kingdom, wasn't she?
Then...
⑳Rhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaah! Rhaarhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳Vnh, vnh! Vhhhvhhh! Vheeevheevheeevhhheee!⑳
The caterpillar was clearly bewildered.
The queen bee coiled around him, fighting back as hard as she could.
The caterpillar's latest spawning had been interrupted, but I didn't feel particularly saved at all.
To me, it just looked like another monster had shown up to fight for its prey.
Soon enough, the Ssech King yielded, and fled in his discarded skin.
Once the battle had been settled... the queen bee turned her glare to me.
Her eyes reflected several of the swollen lumps all over me.
⑳Thank you for saving me.⑳
The queen bee let out a piercing cry before I could say that.
⑳Rhaaaaaaaaaarhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!⑳
And with a dreadful howl, she attacked my swollen body.
She scratched me, bit me, and gnawed at me.
Now that I was a caterpillar swelling with eggs, I was being treated as nothing more than a piece of meat.
She clawed with her many legs, and bit me with her tenacious jaws.
I was ripped to shreds. The same nosebleed mucus as the Ssech King's gushed out of those ripped parts.
If I were still a human, I would have died long ago.
But I had just become a monstrous caterpillar.
So I didn't die. I couldn't die. Though I would have gladly welcomed it.
The queen bee gnawed at me, picked me up, and flew away.
Come to think of it, I remembered hearing bees killed caterpillars, turned them into balls of meat, and carried them back to their nest.
Was she doing that to me?
No. That wasn't the case.
We crossed a mountain, and then she tossed me into a pitch-black forest below.
Maybe this meant I'd been saved for real?
I'd thought that the monster bee would be a match for the monster caterpillar.
Oh, but wait, I'd go poor without the Ssech King's treasures...
Oh well. Whatever.
After all... I was just a caterpillar in human skin... swollen with eggs...
...
...
...
⑳Suzumun, Natty, Kiki! Hey there!⑳
⑳Hello, Minobe. Thank you for the text.⑳
⑳Oh, you're already working? Lemme help!⑳
⑳I promised to duel some of the local kids this afternoon, though.⑳
⑳Just help out until you have to leave.⑳
The LCSC's clubroom was a spare room near the infirmary.
Though the school was mammoth in size, even it couldn't escape the consequences of a declining national birth rate.
Meaning with each year, there were more and more spare classrooms.
Thus, the LCSC was using one of them as a makeshift clubroom.
Ms. Hinagata wasn't around.
She was the school doctor, so she couldn't always be in the clubroom.
It was common for her to have to leave to help students who got hurt in the sports clubs.
The room was packed to the gills with piles of cardboard boxes of varying sizes.
Inside were old sweaters, unopened gifts, well-used microwaves, TVs, and so on.
The boxes were filled to the brims with such objects.
⑳There sure are a lot of unused things here.⑳
⑳There's tons of new stuff, too. Such a big, big waste, huh?⑳
⑳So we gotta sort these out and catalog 'em, huh. That's gonna be a pain.⑳
⑳Well, let's take it one step at a time. Not like we're gonna finish this up in just two or three days.⑳
All these items had been gathered to sell off at a rummage sale.
After all, this was an era where it cost money just to get rid of large objects.
So if the school sent out a notice to the parents asking for donations of unwanted items for the rummage sale, they'd come up in droves.
And the parents indeed came in cars stuffed with unwanted items, piling them up one after the next.
⑳Categorize them, make an inventory, and decide what to do with them.⑳
⑳Oh, Ms. Hinagata.⑳
⑳Sorry. I'm a little busy right now.⑳
⑳Can I ask you to handle that? Just do as much as you can and don't worry about the rest.⑳
⑳Gotcha, Mayuhin. Heard you loud and clear.⑳
⑳Man, all I see is a pile of trash.⑳
⑳But it could turn out to be a pile of treasure when we're done with it.⑳
⑳Let's sort them out the best we can and find us some double-doubloons!⑳
⑳We've all learned a lot from the Kobe, Tohoku, and Kumamoto earthquakes, right?⑳
⑳Sending trash under the name of relief to disaster-stricken areas is just wrong, plain and simple.⑳
⑳You're right. You can't be volunteering just to feel good about yourself. You have to be sensitive to others' needs.⑳
⑳Nice one, Suzumun. You get a gold star for that answer!⑳
⑳Wooooh, what a great man!⑳
⑳But yeah, you've got a point. No matter what kind of rare cards you get, you need to rearrange your deck before you can put them in!⑳
⑳Then let's split up and get this thing done!⑳
⑳Relax, we can take our time.⑳
⑳We've got a lot to go through, so let's chat or something and take this easy!⑳
In actuality, we'd planned on spending all of next Sunday taking care of this.
But as per club president Minobe's orders, we'd decided to do the work a little at a time after school each day.
⑳Um, what's this?⑳
⑳Uh, maybe a hand towel?⑳
⑳See, if you wrap it up like this and put it against a flat surface...⑳
⑳Those are diapers. The non-disposable type.⑳
⑳Diapers?! Ew!⑳
⑳Ha ha ha ha ha! But water's precious in disaster zones, so disposable ones are probably better for them.⑳
⑳Okay, that's going to the rummage sale, then.⑳
⑳All right. Then I'll check these boxes here.⑳
The inventory was divided into three categories: Disaster Relief, Rummage Sale, and Garbage.
Unusual items with no apparent use would also show up from time to time, so the work was pretty interesting.
But there were still loads of things to sort through. It seemed our time after school would be centered around this for the time being.
Just then, the door opened.
...But it wasn't Ms. Hinagata.
⑳Omigosh, it's Kurokki. You must've gotten my text!⑳
⑳Kurokki⑳ as in ⑳Kurokami.⑳ I got it.
However, she was staring out into space as always.
⑳...⑳
⑳...Go... a...⑳
⑳I'm just happy you showed up! You don't look so hot, but that's not unusual!⑳
⑳She comes by once in a while. She helps out when she's feeling okay, but, well...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Why's Kurokami in the LCSC?⑳
⑳Beats me. You know how fickle Ms. Hinagata is.⑳
⑳...Go...⑳
She looked right into my eyes.
Though she'd been staggering just seconds ago, that all came to a stop.
Meanwhile, I found myself staring right into her eyes, too.
⑳Oh, you haven't met them yet, have you? Allow me to introduce the new hopes of our club!⑳
⑳Oh wait, that's right, you guys are in the same class, aren't you?⑳
⑳...Susu...hara...⑳
⑳Huh? Well, what do you know. Sounds like you're feeling okay today after all!⑳
⑳...Why... is he here...?⑳
⑳'Cause Mayuhin felt like it. She just dragged him in without any warning last week.⑳
⑳Hinagata... did...⑳
It was very rare to hear her say something.
According to Minobe, that meant she was feeling good.
Did that mean there was a chance she'd respond to me?
⑳Hi...⑳
⑳...Khgh...⑳
Her face wrenched with agony the moment I called out to her.
So she really wasn't feeling well after all.
⑳Is something wrong?⑳
⑳...Stay... back...⑳
But after I took a single step forward...
...Kurokami covered her face with the doll in her left hand while motioning for me to stop with her right.
Sweat rose to the surface of her agonized face.
⑳Are you okay?⑳
⑳I'll go call for Ms. Hinagata—⑳
⑳...I... told you... to... stay... back...⑳
⑳Why?⑳
⑳Your... corruption...⑳
⑳...is... pain...ful...⑳
And with that, Kurokami turned around, still fighting back the agony.
I couldn't think of anything to say to her.
⑳Toé! Quit wanderin' around already!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳We're goin' to karaoke with some of the older guys. You could try lookin' alive for once when you're pourin' 'em their drinks.⑳
⑳...Yes... Sir Sho...⑳
⑳Let's go, guys.⑳
Kamenuma wrapped his arm around Kurokami and dragged her closer, then left with his followers.
⑳Kuro...kami...⑳
⑳Does Kurokki have something against you?⑳
⑳I've never heard her say anything like that before.⑳
⑳Don't let it bother you. Kurokami tends to say some pretty odd stuff from time to time.⑳
⑳I'm sure she's just not feeling well. That's all.⑳
⑳...You're probably right.⑳
⑳She doesn't understand the greatness that is Susuhara. Man, she gives me the creeps.⑳
⑳And she's got a crazy fiancé, too. She must have a lot on her plate.⑳
⑳...⑳
We worked all through the afternoon.
Natsu had made plans with friends, so he left earlier on.
But we just kept working and managed to make quite a dent in our workload.
⑳Minobe, I owe you an apology.⑳
⑳For what?⑳
Initially, I'd assumed that she was kind of lazy from her general demeanor.
But the past few days had proven me wrong.
She was always proactively carrying out the club's activities. She really was an ideal president.
And she was fun to hang around, to boot.
⑳I've come to respect you all over again.⑳
⑳I really am glad I joined the LCSC.⑳
⑳Eheh. It was the same for me. I had the totally wrong idea about her when we first met.⑳
⑳But she's always working there until dark every single day, even by herself if she has to.⑳
⑳I mean, it's not like I've got anything to do back home.⑳
⑳My mom just nags me to study when I'm there. Ha ha.⑳
She tried laughing it off, but I wasn't fooled anymore.
No, you could say that was her very essence.
The same went for training. It's easy to work yourself hard until it shows on your face.
But with her, she just relaxed and had fun, no matter what she did.
⑳I could learn a thing or two from you.⑳
⑳By the way, you do karate, right, Suzumun?⑳
⑳Uh-huh, he sure does. He puts on his dojo uniform and practices in the backyard every evening.⑳
⑳Wow, that's so cool.⑳
⑳Uh... Hey, can I ask you something?⑳
Minobe walked ahead of us, then turned around and spoke.
⑳I'd... like to see Suzumun showing off... too.⑳
It was a common misunderstanding, but the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style wasn't for fighting.
Its primary goal was to sublimate a pure heart cultivated in training through martial arts, then dedicate that to God.
⑳Boy, it must've stung to have Kurokki call you corrupted.⑳
⑳Ha ha, guess that means my training's still got a long way to go.⑳
⑳Minobe, the tea's ready.⑳
I wanted to be like my father and hold martial arts demonstrations at temples and shrines someday.
Any corruption had to be purged before that was possible.
I had to free myself from obstructive thoughts and hone my spirit.
The apartment complex's backyard was my training ground.
I channeled all my spirit into my fist and punched a cherry blossom tree with straw wrapped around it.
I was a bit sluggish today...
I really did have a long way to go if Minobe's presence was enough to dull my fist.
⑳Amazing! I'm surprised you can punch a tree like that without hurting your hand!⑳
⑳He's also punched loads and loads of buckets full of sand.⑳
⑳You're so cool, Suzumun! I think I might be falling for you!⑳
⑳Focus... Focus... Yah!⑳
I trained to the bone until the sky turned indigo, then took a shower and had dinner.
Kiko's mom always cooked our evening meals.
I took my shower and went to room 101, only to find Minobe there as well.
⑳Hey, Suzumun! That shampoo smells heavenly!⑳
⑳I asked my mom if she could have dinner with us.⑳
⑳I've always wanted to have a nice family dinner around the table.⑳
⑳I'm an only child, so the more the merrier.⑳
⑳Tsubakiko, help me set the table!⑳
⑳Coming!⑳
⑳Suzumu, can you get the TV remote?⑳
⑳Sure thing. Here you go.⑳
⑳Do you watch baseball, Minobe?⑳
⑳Oh, nope, can't say that I have before.⑳
⑳Then let's watch together. It'll be fun.⑳
⑳Thanks for waiting!⑳
⑳Here you go, Minobe.⑳
⑳Oh... Thank you.⑳
Everyone sat together and began eating.
We were having somen and tempura for dinner.
Just seeing the ice cubes floating atop the soup in our glass bowls was enough to cool us down.
Though it wasn't quite summer yet, the days had been hot and sweaty, so this was the perfect dish.
⑳Amazing. I never knew somen could be so tasty.⑳
⑳Who knew cooling it off with ice was the key?⑳
⑳Your family makes somen differently?⑳
⑳We boil it, but we use running water, so it never comes out hot or cold.⑳
⑳It quickly becomes this sticky lump that's hard to eat. It doesn't taste good at all.⑳
⑳So normally, I don't like it...⑳
⑳...but I never knew it could be this good.⑳
⑳...⑳
Minobe lowered her head a little sadly.
But she was back to her usual cheerful smile by the time she raised her head.
Afterwards, we all watched with excitement as the baseball game kept going back and forth.
It was completely dark outside, but we kept on spending time like a happy family.
Having been invited to take a bath, Minobe went to Kiko's apartment for a shower.
⑳Minobe will be staying at my place tonight.⑳
⑳I see.⑳
⑳The two of you really are close, huh?⑳
⑳...Yeah.⑳
⑳We're the very, very best of friends!⑳
⑳Goodnight, Suzumu.⑳
⑳Yeah. Goodnight. See you tomorrow.⑳
We didn't really do anything all that special... but it had been a fun day.
I basked in those memories as I soaked in the bath.
⑳I really am glad I joined the LCSC.⑳
⑳I've got Kiko and Natsu with me, and Minobe's so funny and admirable.⑳
And though she may not have liked me at that moment, I hoped Kurokami and I could be friends someday.
⑳Every day has been so much fun since then.⑳
⑳I have to thank my parents for giving me the opportunity to live like this.⑳
I had to reflect more carefully on how blessed I was that I could say that.
Minobe had said it herself at yesterday's fundraiser.
⑳The fact you have parents to thank should make you realize just how lucky you are.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I wish I could talk with Minobe some more.⑳
She was probably lying around in Kiko's room, chatting.
If I were a girl, I could have joined in on their conversations. But alas.
⑳It's fine. We'll have plenty of chances to talk at the LCSC.⑳
⑳Guess I'll sleep.⑳
...
...
...Did I just hear something?
*Knock knock*
Huh? Knocking?
⑳Mmm...⑳
Realizing that the knocking signified a visitor, I sat up, eyes still clouded with sleep.
I ran over to the door and opened it—very careless, in hindsight.
But since I was still half-asleep, I had a hard time telling if this was a dream or not.
So when I opened the door and saw the sight that awaited me...
...I was convinced I was still dreaming.
I should have seen the same old scenery outside.
But instead, I was faced with a wondrous world, the likes of which I'd never seen before.
⑳Sorry for waking you.⑳
⑳Mino...be...⑳
She wore a blue dress.
Meanwhile, I realized I was in my school uniform instead of my nightclothes.
We were in a strange world where giant mushrooms with polka dots and star patterns upon them grew.
I turned around, only to discover even my place had become part of this bizarre land.
It'd changed into a room from a cabin straight out of a fairytale.
⑳What... is this?⑳
⑳Oh, sorry. Don't look too deep into it.⑳
⑳Just consider this a continuation of a dream. You'll forget this ever happened by morning.⑳
⑳This is the first time someone in my dreams has admitted that it is one.⑳
⑳Well, to me, this is reality, and the other world is a dream.⑳
⑳Just don't think too hard, okay? Ha ha ha.⑳
Minobe laughed as she went inside.
Just then, a clothed rabbit walking on its hind legs followed her. It was like something from a picture book.
⑳Oh, you're the Prince of Moonsoot!⑳
⑳It's an honor!⑳
The talking rabbit reached out for a handshake.
...Yep. This had to be a dream.
⑳That's right. Don't look too deeply into this, Your Highness.⑳
⑳Things'll go easier if you think of this as a dream.⑳
⑳By 'Your Highness,' you mean me?⑳
⑳Yep. Here, I'm a princess. Princess Elice of Wonderland.⑳
Elice?
I felt like I'd heard that name from Minobe yesterday.
As I stood in blank amazement, several rabbits walked right past me.
Carrying tea sets, they all set the table one after the next.
⑳Elice, everything's ready.⑳
⑳Great, thanks. Later.⑳
⑳Yeah, have a good time. Move out, guys!⑳
Tea, pancakes, and beautiful silverware lined the table.
The rabbits marched out en masse once they finished setting up.
They shut the door, leaving Minobe and I alone in a room rich with the fragrance of tea.
⑳Go on, help yourself. Kick back a little.⑳
⑳O-Okay.⑳
⑳Go on. It's all just a dream anyway, so there's no point in dwelling on it.⑳
⑳It's kind of funny, being scolded in a dream.⑳
My body eased a little once I accepted what I was seeing as untrue.
My senses still weren't fully in-tune with it all, but I decided to accept Minobe's suggestion.
I chose to sit in one of the cute fairytale-esque chairs and have some tea.
Minobe lifted the teacup, then traced the saucer with a lonely smile.
⑳Remember that somen we had for dinner?⑳
⑳It wasn't the ice that surprised me the most about it.⑳
⑳My mom finds chores to be a pain. So she doesn't want to wash plates.⑳
⑳That means all our plates are paper.⑳
⑳You can just throw them out without washing them, so it's true they save time.⑳
⑳It's just, y'see... they make the food taste like paper, so I hate them.⑳
⑳And if the food's sticky, it gets stuck to the plate.⑳
⑳So when you pick it up with chopsticks, you get bits of paper stuck onto it.⑳
⑳At first, I used to tear that paper off. Every last scrap.⑳
⑳But I found it a pain, so eventually, I just started eating while leaving the scraps on.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳And in the end, I started tasting paper in everything I ate.⑳
⑳So it'd been so long...⑳
⑳...since I last had such delicious somen in such a beautiful glass bowl.⑳
⑳So... so long.⑳
Though Minobe was smiling, there were tears in her eyes.
⑳Minobe...⑳
⑳I hate it... I hate that I just got used to eating paper in my food.⑳
⑳Even though I hate how lazy my mother is...⑳
⑳...I've turned out just like her.⑳
⑳I don't think you're lazy at all.⑳
⑳You... You really think so?⑳
⑳I've seen so many sides of you by now.⑳
⑳And let me tell you, you're far from lazy.⑳
⑳I've never seen anyone as dedicated as you.⑳
⑳And I think the saddest thing here...⑳
⑳...is that nobody's ever praised you for how hard you work.⑳
⑳Suzumun...⑳
I brought my chair over to Minobe and let her rest her head on my shoulder.
This was the only way I could convey my feelings.
...Come to think of it, I called her by her last name.
That was supposed to be my way of showing her due respect, but perhaps it sounded like I viewed her as a stranger.
Looking at her over my shoulder drove home just how tiny she was.
She was so dainty that I probably would've thought she was younger than me if we'd met under different circumstances.
After all, I'd already misread her by her laid-back attitude at first, hadn't I?
⑳If there's anything I can do to help, please don't hesitate to ask.⑳
⑳I swear I'll be there for you whenever you need me.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Thank you. Just hearing that takes a load off my back.⑳
She perched her head against my shoulder.
Though she sounded happy, I could hear her sniffle.
While her face was hidden, and I couldn't read her mind...
...my heart ached for the burden she was carrying day after day.
⑳You really are a prince, Suzumun.⑳
⑳...This is that Wonderland you told me about, isn't it?⑳
⑳Here, you're not Kanae Minobe, but Elice. That's what you told me.⑳
⑳Right. I'm Princess Elice of Wonderland.⑳
⑳Then I suppose I can be a prince here.⑳
⑳After all, Wonderland is its own separate reality.⑳
⑳Huh? Are you really... okay with that?⑳
⑳Because... whenever there's a princess and a prince...⑳
⑳...they always wind up falling in love, right?⑳
⑳Well, this is Wonderland, isn't it?⑳
⑳I think that's just how things go when a prince and princess meet in a place like this.⑳
⑳Ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳Am I not too heavy?⑳
⑳I train, so I'm fine.⑳
⑳No, I mean, I weigh down on others a lot. Don't you find that annoying?⑳
⑳I'm the opposite. I'm way too meticulous.⑳
⑳So who knows? Maybe we strike a good balance.⑳
⑳Ha ha. That's true.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You know...⑳
She raised her head, put her hands on my shoulders, and looked deep in my eyes.
⑳I wish... that I'd...⑳
⑳...met you... just a little sooner.⑳
⑳Then... you could have met me... at my purest.⑳
⑳It doesn't matter whether you're dirty or sullied.⑳
⑳I mean, I've fallen and hurt myself plenty of times before.⑳
⑳That's not what I mean.⑳
⑳What I'm saying is...⑳
⑳...I wish I could have offered my purest self up to you, my beloved Suzumun...⑳
⑳You are at your purest, right now.⑳
⑳...Thank you.⑳
Her nose tickled my own.
And then her lips, soft as an angel's feather, kissed my own.
They really were ticklish.
We soon parted our lips, and she looked up at me with upturned eyes and flushed cheeks.
⑳I-I am still older than you, s-so I figured I had to take the lead.⑳
She jerked her head away as though concealing her embarrassment.
That gesture was absolutely adorable.
⑳A-Are you disappointed? Did I come on too strong?⑳
⑳Not at all.⑳
⑳And even if you had, why would I have been disappointed?⑳
⑳I believe it's a prince's job to accept the princess for who she truly is.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Now you're just showing off, Your Highness.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Did you mean it?⑳
⑳Mean what?⑳
⑳That... That you would accept me...⑳
⑳...for who I... truly am?⑳
⑳Of course.⑳
And when I nodded... the tears finally burst free from her eyes.
Silver teardrops framed her ear-to-ear grin.
⑳Ha ha... I'll kill you if you ever take back those words.⑳
⑳I never will.⑳
⑳You'd better... mean that.⑳
⑳You better... accept me, got it...?⑳
⑳I... can't...⑳
⑳...hold... back... anymore... Aaah...⑳
⑳Are you okay?⑳
I could see sweat gathering on her face.
Something wasn't right. It was like she was resisting something.
Despite that, she rose slowly from her chair.
Was she not feeling well?
Or maybe she'd been feeling sick for a while now?
She touched her stomach—no, slightly lower.
That slight sensation caused her to groan.
I was about to tell her she should sit back down...
...but then she grabbed her skirt.
⑳Don't...⑳
⑳...look... away... oka...y...?⑳
⑳Huh...?⑳
Minobe gave a strained smile.
And then, she started pulling her skirt up little by little.
Her knees were exposed...
...followed by her pristine thighs.
However, she kept rolling it up like a stage curtain.
She even exposed her underwear.
And finally... she exposed herself all the way up to her navel.
⑳Wh-What are you doing?⑳
⑳...⑳
She grinned again, still holding up her skirt.
Of course, her face was still clammy.
She then reached for the silver knife by the pancakes...
⑳I... can't... hold... ba...ck...⑳
⑳Wh-What's going on?⑳
⑳Heeh...⑳
⑳Aah... haah...⑳
Her eyes were glazed, her cheeks flushed, and her breath sweet.
I stood frozen, as though under some spell.
A moment later, she took the knife... and caressed her abdomen with it.
The contrast between her sweaty skin and the silver knife was beautiful beyond compare.
All of a sudden, the white tablecloth was painted with a red splash.
Minobe... had plunged the knife... right into her abdomen.
⑳Wh... What do you think you're—⑳
⑳Heh heh...⑳
It should have hurt, yet she only endured it with a strained smile, gesturing for me to stop.
She dug the blade in even deeper until she finally reached something.
And then... I heard a ripping sound.
With that, something gushed out. But it wasn't blood—rather, it was a milky white mucus mixed with blood.
It splashed out in dollops.
Yet she paid it no heed, even as it dripped down and stuck to her legs.
Eventually, it stopped pouring out.
She gripped the blade and twisted it around inside her.
She cut a horizontal line across her body, as though slitting her own stomach all the way open.
My heart was screaming at me to stop her.
But I was merely stupefied.
It would've been so much easier if I were to faint at that very moment.
But all I could do was stare transfixed, as though paralyzed in a snake's gaze.
She cleaved across her abdomen as though performing a C-section.
Oddly enough, no more of that blood and mucus was spilling out.
She opened a vast, gaping hole in her stomach.
Afterwards, she checked it with her fingers... and dropped the knife.
It fell to the floor with a clang.
But the sound failed to bring her back to her senses, and the horror before me continued.
I could never have imagined this.
That sound signaled the start of something even more repulsive.
⑳Is this... good... enough...?⑳
She stuck her thumbs into the gaping wound.
And then...
...there was a tearing sound, followed by wet noises.
With a slip...
...like she was taking off a tight pair of pants...
...she stripped off her lower half.
⑳I wish... I'd met you...⑳
⑳...when I was still... human.⑳
Once she finished removing the skin on her human legs... I was greeted with two rows of countless other appendages.
They wriggled around on her bottom half...
Though she was still the same girl in a dress on the top...
...her bottom was that of a massive, horrifying caterpillar.
What's more, a part of it was sticking out like a giant needle.
Its tip shook, dripping forth what looked like blood and mucus.
I froze the moment I realized it was pointed right at me.
⑳I can't fight it back... any longer...⑳
⑳I just love you...⑳
⑳...too much...⑳
⑳... ly...⑳
⑳Huh...?⑳
⑳...Family...⑳
The caterpillar-human slithered my way and looked down as if it were about to crush me.
⑳I want to welcome you... into the family...⑳
She brought the sharp protrusion closer and closer to my chest...
My mind had gone blank long ago.
If I were to laugh... would all this just turn out to be one big practical joke?
That thought helped me force an awkward smile onto my stunned face.
⑳...M-Minobe...⑳
⑳I... I don't understand. What's going on here...?⑳
It took everything I had just to stand up and stagger away, let alone ask her that.
But neither my face nor words could conceal the revulsion I felt.
She must have felt hurt—and angered.
⑳I knew it.⑳
⑳I knew you could never accept this tainted body.⑳
⑳But... I can't answer you...⑳
⑳Because I don't know... what's happening to me, either...⑳
⑳I want to welcome you to the family...⑳
⑳To Caterpillarland...⑳
⑳I want to cover you from head to toe...⑳
⑳...with the same lurid caterpillar spots... as me...⑳
⑳So that the two of us... can be a pair...⑳
I saw the tip of her tube oozing mucus tinged with a repulsive hue...
...and let out the shrillest scream of my life.
⑳...Aah... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
I fell on all fours and started crawling away as fast as I could.
I had to get out of there! If I didn't, and that thing got me, I'd...!
Ha ha, ha ha ha! So this really was a bad dream!
Yes, this was all a dream! Hadn't I already known that from the start?
⑳You can't escape. This is my Wonderland...⑳
⑳Just give it up. You're already mine...⑳
Minobe laughed at my sad state as I pathetically clawed at the door.
She threw her head back, took a deep, deep breath, and filled her cheeks.
⑳Whoa! Aaah, aaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
I screamed again when I felt long hair spray across me.
No, it wasn't hair. It was like white floss...
I understood. This was silk. Caterpillar silk.
Minobe was shooting thin yet solid silk threads at me, trying to wrap me up like a cocoon.
I couldn't break it no matter how much I struggled.
I felt my body being constricted by the silk as I tried to resist.
⑳You don't have to be scared, Suzumun...⑳
⑳Though I guess that'd be asking the impossible... Ha ha ha...⑳
⑳What do you want... Minobe?⑳
⑳I want to take all these twitching lumps with these beautiful, lurid spots...⑳
⑳...and lay each and every one of them... inside you...⑳
⑳...until your whole body... is covered in them...⑳
⑳Right where you're beautiful... where you're soiled... and even the places you're embarrassed to show...⑳
⑳I'll die if you stab me that much...⑳
⑳Yeah, it hurts real bad...⑳
⑳But it gets even worse if you try to fight back... so you should just sit back and let it happen...⑳
⑳Don't get me wrong, though.⑳
⑳I wouldn't want just anyone in my family.⑳
⑳I'm sure there's scum that would, though. Trash who'll take anyone, just to make their family bigger.⑳
⑳But in my case... I see it as something absolutely sacred. Like a vow...⑳
⑳I couldn't think of anyone but you, my beloved Suzumun...⑳
Taken at face value, her words were a beautiful confession of love that one should be beyond honored to receive.
But who could believe a declaration like that when it was coming from a giant caterpillar binding you with silk?
⑳You know, my heart's been aching for you ever since I first saw you.⑳
⑳I used to believe love at first sight was only in fairytales.⑳
⑳But look at that. It really does exist.⑳
⑳After I met you, these feelings for you tormented me night after night after night.⑳
⑳...I'm very happy that you fell for me at first sight.⑳
⑳I enjoyed talking to you. I always wanted to spend more time with you.⑳
⑳But... that's why I would never want to hurt you... Don't you feel the same way?⑳
⑳This feeling... So this is carnal instinct.⑳
⑳I love you, so naturally, a part of would never do anything you didn't want.⑳
⑳Th-Then—⑳
⑳But another part of me doesn't care and is dying to turn you into a noxious caterpillar, no matter what you say.⑳
⑳And that's the part raging too hard for me to hold back. Strange, isn't it? I think so, too.⑳
⑳Getting stabbed with this thing from head to toe... Having these gross lumps swell up right under your skin... It hurts. It really hurts.⑳
⑳I know that, yet I want to do it anyway...⑳
⑳I wanna desecrate your body with this filthy, slimy, squirming tube of mine...⑳
Just when I thought I was finally getting through to her...
...her eyes glazed over, making it perfectly clear a sane conversation was far beyond her grasp.
Just as she'd said, she was being controlled by carnal instinct, and was completely lacking in reason.
Humans were far from perfect. They all had desires that they were powerless to stop—hunger, thirst, and lust, for starters.
There was no way Minobe could be reasoned with when enslaved by such emotions.
All she wanted was one thing:
To stab me with that tube all over and desecrate my body with those ghastly caterpillar spots.
⑳I love you so much.⑳
⑳So though I'm forcing you... I'm also not.⑳
⑳I'll wait until you're ready for this...⑳
She caressed my face with a bewitching smile, then stroked my body from head to toe with that slimy protrusion.
All of a sudden, everything shook with a rumble.
The teaspoons rang on the table.
Minobe's face froze, and she looked around in confusion.
There it was again. Another rumble.
It was stronger than the last one. Some dust fell from the ceiling.
Minobe's face darkened.
⑳What's happening?⑳
⑳Quiet.⑳
Minobe pressed a finger to my lips and slithered to the door.
She opened the door and went outside.
That was the perfect chance to escape.
But I couldn't break free of the silk no matter how hard I tried.
However, I could still roll in it...
I had to hide somewhere until Minobe came to her senses.
I rolled and crawled like a caterpillar myself, aiming for the door...
...when there were several loud thumps, followed by the ground shaking.
I could tell whatever was causing the shaking wasn't a natural phenomenon.
It was the sound of a new terror, far beyond the likes of Minobe.
Those tremors felt like a giant's footsteps.
Just when I was a hair's breadth away from the exit, Minobe came back.
She lifted me up and tossed me on the floor.
⑳Ghhh...⑳
⑳Sorry, Suzumun. Hold still for a bit.⑳
⑳Geez, where'd that monster come from?⑳
Her face was stricken with worry.
Minobe was more than enough of a monster herself at this point, yet here she was calling something else a monster.
I couldn't doubt it any longer. These tremors were the sounds of a massive creature stomping about.
Minobe locked the door, but that wouldn't do any good against something so gargantuan.
She threw her head back, took another deep breath, and started spewing silk threads once again.
She used it to block the door like a spiderweb.
But that wasn't enough for her. She started creeping around the whole room.
Before long, the whole room was covered in silk.
As she did, the monster outside finally reached the door.
The entire room shook with a shockwave unlike any before.
But Minobe's threads were sturdy.
The door didn't break, no matter how much the room rumbled or how much dust fell from the ceiling.
⑳Suzumun is mine... Suzumun is mine...⑳
Minobe repeated that like a mantra as she kept circling the room, covering it with even more silk.
Eventually, all I could see was silk.
It was like a blizzard had passed through the room.
But Minobe just kept on going.
She continued circling around until she eventually started creeping across the walls and ceiling.
Everything turned into a pure white womb made of silk.
⑳I won't let anyone get in my way... I won't let anyone get in my way...⑳
⑳He's mine... Suzumun is mine...⑳
Just then, the fiercest tremor yet struck, knocking Minobe off the ceiling.
And then I saw it.
The sky—no, the ceiling—being torn and wrenched open by massive black claws.
The ceiling was torn off. Splinters fell everywhere.
With that, a gaping wide hole to the sky was revealed.
A giant shadow stood against the purple sky, looking down on us...
That monster was as big as a skyscraper.
Disheveled black hair hung from its head like a willow tree, framed by two bent branches.
Its razor-sharp claws lunged for me.
Minobe knocked me aside and charged at the giant black arms.
⑳I won't let you have Suzumun! He's mine!⑳
Though she was a giant caterpillar, Minobe was still the same size as a human.
She wasn't even as tall as the monster's fist.
It was clear who was at a disadvantage here.
⑳Damn you! Damn you!⑳
The monster let out an earth-shattering howl and a moan. Minobe must have stabbed it with her tube.
But all that did was anger the giant.
It swiftly grabbed Minobe and wrapped its gargantuan hands around her.
The monster carried her up into the sky as though she were just a doll.
⑳Why you! Let me go!⑳
I could hear Minobe's voice high in the pitch-black sky.
Before long, agony started seeping into her cries.
All of a sudden, her shouts vanished right as the sound of a branch snapping rang out.
And with that, something came dripping down from up above.
They were crushed entrails, followed by Minobe's arms, torso, and head.
It crashed right into the floor and rolled toward me.
And though she'd been reduced to solely a head, Minobe was still conscious.
⑳...⑳
⑳Suzu...mu...n...⑳
⑳Mi-Minobe...⑳
⑳I...⑳
⑳...love... you...⑳
A single tear leaked from Minobe's eye, and with that, her life came to an end.
Suddenly, a thumb as thick as a log came down and squished her head flat like a quail egg.
⑳Ha... ha ha... ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
The giant hand picked me up next, taking me up to the sky.
I felt like I was going up the first hill of a particularly tall roller coaster.
Though I was scared out of my mind, I couldn't help but laugh my heart out.
And when I reached the top of the sky, I saw the moon.
The last moon I'd ever see.
The last sight I ever saw in Wonderland...
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
I woke up to find myself sweaty and staring at the ceiling, my body contorted in an odd position.
I felt like I'd just had the worst nightmare of my life. One that defied any explanation.
The details had been so clear just moments earlier.
But with every blink and wipe of my forehead, they faded further and further away...
I took another look at the ceiling.
It was the same wooden ceiling I'd recently gotten used to.
I got the impression that I couldn't calm down unless I'd made sure of that.
⑳*pant* *pant* Whew...⑳
Minobe had said dreams could be another reality, didn't she?
What I felt was dissonance from that reality not connecting to this one.
But something like that couldn't possibly exist.
That was a dream, and this was reality.
I took a deep breath to calm down.
I must have had that bizarre dream because I was conscious of the fact Minobe was sleeping over next door. That had to be it.
The dream... I'd only just... been having...
Minobe's arms, torso... and head... all crushed... and ripped to pieces.
⑳A-Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
The dream... connected to reality.
The moonlight seeped into my room, revealing liberal splashes of blood painted all over.
Scattered chunks of meat littered around.
Among them included squashed arms, a severed torso...
...and just like in that dream, Minobe's crushed head... lying right next to my pillow...
⑳Aah... aaah...⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
I screamed at the top of my lungs and burst out of my room.
I couldn't resist the fear engraved in my cells shouting at me to flee from the scene of her death.
It was only when I got outside that I realized I had to call for help.
⑳S-Someone! Anybody!⑳
(It wasn't me! I didn't do it!)
Though I was panicking, another part of me calmly assessed that I would be the prime suspect here.
(I don't know what happened! I had nothing to do with it! I couldn't have killed her!)
After all, Minobe was in Kiko's room! There was no way she could be in mine!
...Then how was I so sure that mutilated corpse strewn across my room was Minobe's?
It wasn't me! It wasn't me!
It couldn't be!
I mean, there wasn't even a drop of blood on my hands!
But all of that could wait. I had to call the police!
⑳Kiko! Kiko! Wake up!⑳
I pounded on the door to apartment 201.
My phone was in my room, but I'd be damned if I ever went back there.
But perhaps because I'd been hitting it too hard...
...the door fell off its hinges.
Just as I began worrying I'd broken it, the door fell into pitch-black darkness.
What...?
I didn't have any idea how, but there it was.
Apartment 201 was a black space with nothing inside it.
There was no sound of the door hitting the ground.
It was simply swallowed into the bottomless darkness and faded without a noise.
Almost like they'd only built the apartment complex's halls, and forgotten to build Kiko's apartment...
It was only then I noticed what was wrong with the world.
I was outside on the second floor of the complex.
The complex, doors, windows, walls, floor, and rails were all there.
All of them were normal. All of them were there.
But...
...everything else was gone.
The roads, telephone lines, streetlights, houses lining the streets—all vanished, without a trace.
Everything apart from this apartment complex had been painted over with pure darkness.
Only the dim shine of the fluorescent lamps illuminated this world.
I'd believed that I'd returned from the world of nightmares to the real world.
...Wait... The... real... world...?
Just then... I heard footsteps approaching.
Someone was heading up the staircase to this floor.
That someone... was the shadow of a dark girl.
A shadow so dark, not even the faint lamp light could illuminate it.
A moment later, recognition came to me.
That bizarre figure with long black hair and withered branches jutting out of their head...
...had looked down on me in that nightmare world.
Suddenly, something stuck out from within the shadow.
It was a small Japanese doll that I'd seen somewhere before.
Pale arms were holding it out from within the shadow.
And with a plop...
...the doll's tiny head fell off.
Its arms and torso broke apart and followed suit, scattering at the shadow's feet.
With that... the pale hands stuck even further out... and a girl emerged from the shadow.
I didn't mean that she was the one projecting the shadow. I meant she literally walked out from within it.
I... I knew her.
She stepped toward me, trampling over the scattered doll...
...and spread her hands out as if to embrace me.
⑳...You...⑳
⑳...are mine...⑳
⑳I won't... let anyone... have you...⑳
Both Kurokami and the female shadow spread their arms...
...and engulfed me.
Utahime: Song Princess
⑳With my Sparkle Magic, I'm gonna make all your homes squeaky clean!⑳
⑳I, Cleaning Princess Magical Lily, will use my dazzling magic to make you all happy, happy, happy!⑳
⑳Hellolo! I'm Magical Lily, Princess of Cleaningland!⑳
⑳All my friends are coming to my house today!⑳
⑳One of them's a boy I might have a teensy-weensy crush on! I'm so nervous, I don't know what to do!⑳
⑳But can you really have friends over when your room's such a mess?⑳
⑳Oh no! You're right! There's no waaaaay!⑳
⑳What do I do?! They'll be here in only an hour!⑳
⑳Relax!⑳
⑳Now's your chance to use the cleaning magic you've learned to make your room squeaky clean!⑳
⑳Please, people of Ageoshi Culture Plaza! Lend me your strength!⑳
⑳Lilyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!⑳
⑳This spell tidies up all your scattered toys! Remember how I learned that last time?⑳
⑳Let's practice it together! Yaah! Magical Clean!⑳
I felt everyone's eyes on me as I walked.
I used to hate it, but not so much these days.
Deep down, I wanted to wink at every last one of them, but sorry! School rules and all.
It'd been a long time since I'd gone to the LCSC.
I hadn't been over since the decision to add me to Flower High.
Despite that, it didn't feel right that I'd only come back when I needed something from them. Like today.
Well, since I was dropping by, I had to make good use of the opportunity.
The LCSC met in an empty classroom near the infirmary.
At best, Minobe, Harumiya, and Ms. Hinagata would be there.
...Huh? Was that a guy's voice just now?
But I thought the LCSC didn't have any guys.
I started to have the strangest feeling.
Like something new and wonderful was about to happen.
Inside, two guys and the girls of the LCSC were sorting through goods for the rummage sale.
⑳Hello. It's been a while.⑳
⑳Oh, Riria!⑳
⑳Hey, long time no see! You being a busy little bee as usual?⑳
⑳I am, but I don't regret it for a moment.⑳
One of the guys was looking at me with confusion, while the other's eyes had grown wide as saucers.
We all stared at each other, clearly thinking, ⑳Who are you?⑳
But I could tell from the color of their uniforms that they were juniors. In other words, they were my upperclassmen.
Time to turn up the manners, then.
⑳Let me introduce them, Nunokawa. These two are the men we've wanted in this club for so long!⑳
⑳Very pleased to meet you. My name is Riria Nunokawa.⑳
⑳W-What?! D-Did you say Ri-Riria?! Um, uh, um...⑳
⑳Riria Kurusu?! -That- Riria?! Are you serious?! Wooohoooooooooo!⑳
⑳Kurusu's her stage name. Her real name's Riria Nunokawa.⑳
⑳I heard rumors you were attending our school, b-b-but I never thought they were real!⑳
⑳Wheeyahaaaaah! Ghaaaaaaaaaaaahooooooooo!⑳
⑳I think Atsuta broke.⑳
⑳Wait, are you a big fan of Riria Kurusu or something?⑳
⑳I-I-I used to watch Cleaning Princess Magical Lily all the time in elementary school!⑳
⑳I-I-I've been a fan of yours for ages! Please let me shake your hand!⑳
I was very happy to hear he knew me.
So I had to reward him for his enthusiasm.
⑳With my Sparkle Magic, I'm gonna make all your homes squeaky clean!⑳
⑳I, Cleaning Princess Magical Lily, will use my dazzling magic to make you all happy, happy, happy!⑳
⑳H-Hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! Abhbhbhaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
He jumped up and down with excitement while making all sorts of bizarre noises.
I used to think people like him were creepy and disrespectful.
But eventually, I realized it was because of people like him that I could shine on.
⑳Nice to meet you! I'm Riria Kurusu!⑳
⑳What's your name, Mister?⑳
⑳F-Fhhhh! I-It's Natsuya Atsuta!⑳
⑳Wow, what a nice name! Do you want to be my big brother, Natsuya?⑳
⑳Vhoooooooooooooooo! Hggh hggh!⑳
⑳Ugh, you're creeping me out, Natty.⑳
⑳He really is a big fan of Riria's, huh?⑳
⑳Magical Lily s-said my name! Great... Greaaaaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
He was practically foaming at the mouth with joy.
Hee hee. I was so glad. It was always best to give these types what they wanted.
⑳It sounds like you're pretty famous, Nunokawa.⑳
⑳Haven't you heard of Cleaning Princess Magical Lily? She used to be on TV all the time.⑳
⑳'With my Sparkle Magic, I'm gonna make all your homes squeaky clean!' You've never heard of that, Susuhara?!⑳
⑳Sorry. I don't watch much TV.⑳
⑳Oh nooooooooooooooooooooooo!⑳
⑳The Great Susuhara doesn't know Magical Lily! How ungreaaaaaaat!⑳
I had a hard time dealing with people who didn't watch a lot of TV.
But within each one of them lay a potential fan. And converting them required steady effort.
Perfect. I'd pull out all the stops and make him fall for my charms.
⑳Well hi there, Mister! I'm Riria Kurusu!⑳
⑳Tell me your name, and you can be my big brother as well!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I'm Suzumu Susuhara. It's nice to meet you, um... Kurusu?⑳
The moment our eyes met, it was as though someone had turned the lights out on the whole world.
The two of us were alone in a dark world full of falling black snow.
It felt like we were the only ones there.
I'd never felt this way meeting another person before.
It took all I had to hide my bewilderment.
But Susuhara's bright smile never faded.
Could he not see this world? Or... was it -because- he could see it?
⑳...⑳
⑳Who...⑳
⑳...are you?⑳
I'd just told him my name was Riria Kurusu.
So what did he mean by that?
Was it a philosophical question? Or was there malice behind it?
⑳...⑳
However, his eyes bore no ill will.
It was downright unnerving in this quiet world of black snow.
⑳Um... I...⑳
⑳Well, y'see, Riria Kurusu is my name at work!⑳
⑳But at school, I'm known as the one and only Riria Nunokawa!⑳
⑳...⑳
I tried matching his vibe to the best of my abilities.
But the look on his face didn't change in the slightest.
And for some reason, that hurt me more than anything.
...No, hold on. Why was I getting so worked up over a single greeting?
⑳...In other words, Nunokawa is my real name, and Kurusu is my stage name.⑳
⑳If that's too confusing, I'd be happy if you just called me Riria, Susuhara.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Okay. Got it.⑳
⑳Thank you.⑳
⑳You're a strange girl, huh?⑳
Those words were way beyond hurtful and were enough to make me feel downright insecure.
Just who was this guy?
⑳Susuharaaaaaaa! Why do you get to call her by her first name?!⑳
⑳I'm so jealous! I wanna call her Riria, too!⑳
⑳Oh, by all means, you're welcome to do so!⑳
⑳Wohoooooooooooo! Ririaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Bhhhbhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
⑳I know it's your job and all, but it must be pretty tough dealing with all these types of people, Lilian.⑳
⑳I like doing things for my fans.⑳
⑳Riria sure is cute, huh?⑳
⑳I wish I could be reborn as cute as her...⑳
⑳I think you're just as cute as she is, Kiko.⑳
Now that was something I just couldn't let stand.
My mind was made up. This was a trial I'd been handed in my new life as Riria Kurusu.
Mark my words, Susuhara. I'll make you my fan.
I decided I'd force him to understand my appeal, whether he liked it or not.
I'd stand no chance of success in Flower High if I couldn't even pull that off.
⑳So what's up? Did you find some time to show up between all that practice?⑳
⑳Well, I figured the LCSC would be doing something this Sunday.⑳
⑳Oh, do you think you'll be free to help out?⑳
⑳Yes. Actually, they'll be interviewing me for an article then.⑳
The topic would be ⑳How does Riria Kurusu spend her Sundays?⑳
I'd had an interest in community service ever since I played the Cleaning Princess.
Though I was also doing it to build my image of being a pure-hearted idol.
However, the LCSC's activities took place on Sundays, so it worked out perfectly for the interview.
I wouldn't get any bad karma for that or anything, right?
⑳That's perfect. We'll be cleaning up Iwaimoto Shrine next Sunday!⑳
⑳Well, in that case, I would love to join you.⑳
Cleaning up a shrine? Perfect. That would make for nice publicity.
⑳Wooooooooooooooooh! Great! I'm so glad I joined the LCSC!⑳
⑳I can't believe I get to clean up a shrine with Riria Kurusu—with the Cleaning Princess herself, Magical Lily!⑳
⑳Natty, we'll kick you out if you keep being gross about this.⑳
⑳Nooooooooooo! That would be too ungreat, Prez!⑳
⑳Don't call me Prez!⑳
⑳Heh heh heh. Things sure are livelier with Nunokawa around, huh?⑳
⑳If we've got reporters coming, we need to do our best, too!⑳
⑳A-Am I gonna be on camera, too?! Should I go to a beauty salon first?!⑳
⑳Mmm, I don't think the camera's going to be focusing on us.⑳
⑳Who cares about being on camera?! I'm just happy I get to breathe the same air as her!⑳
⑳Well, I think it'd be best to at least be presentable. Don't wanna cause any trouble for Lilian.⑳
⑳You're right! I've gotta make myself look nice and pretty and be happy, happy, happy while we clean!⑳
⑳You never know when or where your chance to debut as an idol will come!⑳
⑳Your pretty looks may very well catch a photographer's eye!⑳
⑳Beautiful teacher discovered!→Shocking debut of a beautiful lady idol!→Oh, but I'm a teacher, I can't live a double life!⑳
⑳Ahhhhh, what do I do?! Eheh heh heh heh heh!⑳
⑳Okay Mayuhin, I think you're dreaming a little too hard there.⑳
⑳That's not true. Even a small opportunity can lead to a big break.⑳
⑳Many people in the industry got their debuts from really little things.⑳
⑳Then you think we really do have a chance on Sunday?!⑳
To be honest, I hated encouraging unrealistic dreams.
But it sounded like they were all having fun, so I wasn't about to ruin that for them.
⑳I'll be seeing you all then.⑳
⑳Leaving so soon?⑳
⑳Sorry. I have dance lessons later.⑳
⑳Busy as ever, I see. I miss you so much...⑳
⑳That's 'cause Flower High School's dances are out of this world!⑳
⑳Oh, now I get it. So that's why you can't afford to miss any lessons.⑳
⑳Yeah, it must take a lot of practice to dance like that.⑳
⑳Good luck with your training.⑳
⑳Yep! I'll do my best just for you, my darling, sweet brother!⑳
Those words would make any boy's heart skip a beat, yet Susuhara only seemed confused.
Seemed I'd have to bridge the gap with him a little more before I could reach his heart.
⑳G-Go-Good luck with your pr-pr-practice!⑳
⑳Say I'm your darling, sweet brother as well, wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!⑳
⑳Sorry! I only do favors for proper gentlemen!⑳
I gave him a little wink.
Wow, he almost passed out just from that. Cute.
Wished I could have said the same for Susuhara...
He had to be either living under a rock or he wasn't into girls. Those were the only reasons I could think of why my charms wouldn't work on him.
⑳So, what's this Flower High School you guys keep mentioning?⑳
⑳Oh, it's the name of the idol unit Riria's a part of.⑳
⑳Once she moved on from being the Cleaning Princess, she temporarily retired from the idol life!⑳
⑳But lo and behold! She was unveiled as the fifth member of Flower High School just this spring!⑳
⑳Magical Lily is back in town! So great!⑳
⑳Oh, and here I thought she meant an actual high school.⑳
⑳It's called that because its members are all high schoolers.⑳
⑳Aww, then there's probably no room for a teacher...⑳
⑳Y'know, they've even got elementary school idol units these days.⑳
⑳Maybe there'll be a demand for you in another generation or two, Mayuhin.⑳
⑳Wow, that's impressive. So do you sing at the Budokan or somewhere like that?⑳
⑳We mostly perform at music clubs right now. Though I'd definitely like to hit it big and sing at the Budokan someday.⑳
⑳I've heard of AKB Musume and Momoiro Clubber A before, if that means anything.⑳
Those ones were the big leagues. We didn't begin to measure up to them.
People who only knew basic stuff like that really did get on my nerves.
But even so, I couldn't slack on my effort to convert people like that into fans.
I would make Suzumu Susuhara fall for me if it was the last thing I did.
⑳Who's Riria Kurusu? A celebrity?⑳
⑳Gaaaah! You don't know, Susuhara?! Aren't you supposed to be great?!⑳
⑳Don't you know about Cleaning Princess Magical Lily?! She used to be all over TV!⑳
⑳Mmm, sorry, I don't watch much TV.⑳
⑳But I have heard of AKB Musume and Momoiro Clubber A.⑳
⑳Whoa there, don't go comparing her to those big names.⑳
⑳Flower High School's selling point is its theme of minimalism based around open-hearted idols.⑳
⑳Not sure what you mean by minimalism, but what I think you're saying...⑳
⑳...is that they're not as popular as AKB Musume?⑳
⑳No one ever starts out huge!⑳
⑳This is the age where people go from nothing to greatness via word of mouth!⑳
⑳You can't just go comparing us to some outdated hacks who hit it big simply because they had the money for it!⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳*pant* *pant*⑳
I sat up in my bed, feeling as though I'd been screaming at Suzumu Susuhara despite his obvious absence.
He was there in my dreams.
It even felt like he was circling my bed, looking down on me and mocking me.
⑳*sigh*⑳
What was wrong with me?
In my line of work, hearing nasty comments was hardly uncommon.
Plenty of people said that we were already past our prime, for example.
So in that sense, the fact Susuhara didn't mean it in a bad way made his rather tame.
He said he didn't watch TV, so he probably didn't have any interest in the entertainment industry.
Really, you couldn't survive in this business if you got hung up on every stupid comment you ever got, but...
⑳...⑳
⑳Seriously, what -is- it with me?!⑳
I screamed into the darkness, sweaty and unable to tell the difference between dream and reality.
My pajamas were all gross and sticky on my skin.
My hair was a mess, too. Honestly, nothing felt right.
After all... I still couldn't get Susuhara out of my mind.
Was it because his innocent but ignorant comments upset me?
...No, probably not.
Was it because he didn't know about me, or treat me as the celebrity I was?
...That didn't sound right either.
From what I could tell, he'd been on my mind ever since we first met.
Love?
That couldn't be it. There wasn't anything special about him that'd make me fall for him, anyway.
For whatever reason, Suzumu Susuhara simply refused to leave my mind.
⑳...What's with that guy?⑳
My head remained a foggy haze even after I took a shower.
⑳What, did he just think I was some nobody? It's all in the aura!⑳
⑳Besides, who doesn't watch TV these days?⑳
⑳...⑳
I tried hating him.
Since I didn't understand how I felt about Suzumu Susuhara, I first attempted to interpret it as hate.
But that wasn't it.
For when I did, I was reminded of those pure and untainted eyes piercing right through me.
I felt like I was going to get sucked into them by the memory alone.
⑳Then... is this love?⑳
⑳Everyone I've ever met is crazy about me, just like Atsuta.⑳
⑳So perhaps I'm just tired of that...⑳
⑳...and so I found his reaction refreshing... maybe?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Yeah right. Why would I feel so ticked off if that were the case?⑳
No matter how hot or cold I made the shower...
...he just refused to vacate my mind.
I didn't understand. If this wasn't love or hate, then what was it?
His face kept coming back into my mind's eye.
Almost like a photo burned into my brain.
I dried my hair as I looked at myself in the mirror.
Staring back at me was Riria Kurusu.
Yet it felt like it was Suzumu Susuhara instead.
As if he were right there, sneering at me through the mirror.
⑳You could never understand just how hard I've worked...⑳
When I was a child, a talent agency set me up an audition for the part of the Cleaning Princess.
Honestly, I thought I did badly. I was convinced I'd screwed up.
When my mother asked how it went afterwards, I remember telling her that I blew it.
But by some twist of good fortune, I made it through to the final selection.
I remember the people at the agency putting me through lessons every day, trying to get me ready as quickly as possible.
I didn't think I'd get the part, so when I received the acceptance letter, I jumped for joy.
I even thought I'd used up all my luck for the rest of my life back then.
In that moment, I found my resolve.
I knew this was a once in a lifetime chance, so I had to make the best of it.
⑳With my Sparkle Magic, I'm gonna make all your homes squeaky clean!⑳
⑳I, Cleaning Princess Magical Lily, will use my dazzling magic to make you all happy, happy, happy!⑳
⑳Happy, happy, happy! Lily!⑳
⑳I'm gonna make all your hearts squeaky clean!⑳
⑳Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
I was just a grade schooler, but I overcame everything in my path and put myself in the forefront of everyone's minds.
I was determined to build my fanbase. And once they were my fans, I'd make them love me more and more.
I did everything I could and thought of how I could go even further.
And that's what made me so perfect as the Cleaning Princess.
⑳Lily is my waifu! No one can take her from me!⑳
⑳Riria's like an angel... What I wouldn't give to be in her class!⑳
⑳Happy 10th Birthday, Magical Lily! —Cleaning Princess Mascot Cars Association⑳
⑳[Tragic News] Adult Fans Buy Up All the Cleaning Princess Show Tickets, Leaving None for the Kids!⑳
I wasn't Riria Kurusu, but Magical Lily.
A magical princess from Cleaningland.
I was the perfect idol, loved by fans both young and old.
I had reached perfection when I was in grade school.
⑳[Tragedy] Our Magical Lily Has Fallen From Grace! [Too Tall]⑳
⑳Lily used to be my little angel. Now she's a total hag.⑳
⑳Just look at her. She's definitely been around. The Lily we knew would have never been such a slut.⑳
My father is a tall and handsome man, and I used to be proud of that.
...Until I learned I'd inherited those genes, that is.
In the later years of grade school, I started going through a major growth spurt.
My adorable, petite frame adored by so many transformed in the blink of an eye.
Whenever I looked into a mirror, I felt like I was watching myself turn into a monster...
I sang and danced my heart out.
I worked hard to ad-lib and appeal to the crowd. I should have been the gold standard.
And yet everyone said I'd fallen from my peak.
...Deep down, I agreed with them.
The person I saw in the mirror was no longer Cleaning Princess Magical Lily.
It was a tall creature with disgustingly bulging breasts. Not a trace of pixie-like features remained in her face, eyes, or mouth.
⑳I, Cleaning Princess Magical Lily, will use my dazzling magic to make you all happy, happy, happy!⑳
⑳Who... are you?⑳
⑳I'm Magical Lily from Cleaningland!⑳
⑳Who... are you?⑳
⑳I said I'm Magical Lily!⑳
⑳Who... are... you...?⑳
The figure of a person questioned me as we stood in a world of black snow that steadily piled up like soot.
It was him. The shadow that had haunted me ever since I saw him in my dreams.
⑳Susu...hara...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Who... are you...?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Look, I know. I'm not Magical Lily anymore. I haven't been for ages!⑳
⑳But you know, it was hard on me, too! I hate that I've turned into such a hideous monster!⑳
⑳That's right, I stopped being Magical Lily ages ago!⑳
⑳Your body changes as you get older! That's why I had to give up the role!⑳
⑳But I can still act, sing, and dance! I'm way better at those things than when I was Lily!⑳
⑳And Riria Kurusu will continue to mature! I'm far more amazing than Magical Lily ever was!⑳
But work stopped coming in once I stopped being Magical Lily.
The agency sent me new jobs, but I never got the parts.
Because the image everyone had of me was the pure and innocent Cleaning Princess, and I didn't fit that anymore.
All because puberty cursed me with this disgusting body...
The agency suggested I play against type and take the ⑳sexy pin-up girl⑳ route.
But that would go completely against the image I'd worked so hard to maintain for so long.
My mother and I were both vehemently opposed.
But the agency didn't listen, claiming my previous character and my current body just didn't match at all.
Also, I only found about this later...
...but it seemed that the staff had taken my unusual level of professionalism and attributed it to arrogance.
Because I didn't compromise with myself, I didn't compromise with others, either.
I hated the staff who wouldn't take me seriously and the staff who wouldn't stop treating me like I was still a kid.
Eventually, word spread that Riria Kurusu was difficult to work with, so nobody wanted to work with me anymore.
In other words, the agency hadn't suggested a change in focus because they wanted to deny all that I'd done so far.
It was because they couldn't refute those who proclaimed they didn't want to work with such a brat ever again...
By that point, my mother and I were furious at the agency's decision and lack of understanding.
They probably felt they couldn't stick up for me anymore, either.
Despite how massively popular the Cleaning Princess was, Riria Kurusu couldn't find any work after it.
⑳It took me three years without work to finally force myself to come to terms with my circumstances.⑳
⑳Then finally, one day, they made me a member of Flower High.⑳
⑳I won't give in. I'll show everyone just how much I've grown, and force them to admit it:⑳
⑳Magical Lily may be gone, but Riria Kurusu has been reborn!⑳
⑳...⑳
Just then... his lips curled into a smile for the first time.
Almost as if permitting me.
No—accepting me wholeheartedly.
Perhaps he'd been trying to get me to stop putting up appearances and speak from my heart instead.
⑳...⑳
⑳I don't...⑳
⑳...watch much TV.⑳
⑳Well, you're hardly the only one.⑳
⑳So I don't know much about celebrities...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳But if you could make someone like me your fan...⑳
⑳Then that'd mean I could make it, wouldn't it?⑳
⑳As Riria Kurusu, that is.⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
⑳If you can make me your fan...⑳
⑳...then you'll succeed.⑳
⑳I guarantee it.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Then I'll make you fall for me.⑳
⑳I swear I'll force you to see what makes me so good!⑳
In the end, Susuhara smiled one last time.
That smile melted away, and all that remained was my face in the mirror staring back at me.
⑳...⑳
⑳Seriously... Just what is his deal?⑳
I was spoiled by all the attention I got, and may have let it get to my head.
Maybe that's why people called me haughty.
Then perhaps he had appeared to admonish me for that.
⑳At first, I was irritated.⑳
⑳But getting worked up over that proves that I'm haughty, doesn't it?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Heh.⑳
Returning to the LCSC for the first time in a while had given me a funny feeling.
That something new would happen in that clubroom.
Which must have been a sign that I would be reborn into a new me.
⑳Goodnight, Susuhara.⑳
⑳I'll make you my fan. Just you wait.⑳
I went back to my room.
I managed to see just fine when I woke up, but after spending time in that lit room, I couldn't anymore.
It's pretty amazing the way the human eye works. I turned on the light.
⑳...⑳
The floor around my bed... was sooty.
Almost like someone had dragged a package covered in black dirt around the room.
I must not have seen it in the dark.
⑳Gross... What is this?⑳
I wiped it up with a tissue.
It wasn't thick enough to be dirt. Maybe it actually was soot.
The way it was left behind... It looked less like something was dragged, and more like someone with soot-covered feet had walked around my bed.
Chills ran down my spine when I saw a pattern clearly left by a bare footprint.
What was going on? Did that mean...
...someone had been walking around my bed, watching me sleep?
⑳Yeah right...⑳
I'd always kept my door and windows locked tight.
So that couldn't be the case.
⑳Maybe I'm just a little tired...⑳
Come to think of it, I'd always been prone to nightmares.
I probably just didn't notice the filth I'd left behind walking around in my dirty socks. Yes, that would explain it.
All of a sudden, I started getting drowsy, and decided to sleep.
...
...
When I woke up the next morning, the sooty footprints were nowhere to be found.
Iwaimoto Shrine was an elegant shrine located just behind the Iwaimoto Shopping District.
It had an auspicious reputation, likely due to its name.
As I kid, I used to come here to pray before I really locked down my popularity.
⑳Okay, then let's take some photos of you cleaning, why don't we?⑳
⑳You mean... like this?⑳
⑳Eheh heh, with my Sparkle Magic, I'm gonna make this place squeaky clean!⑳
⑳How was that? Did I make you happy, happy? Did I?⑳
⑳Woooo! That was great!⑳
⑳I'm struck by how the pure and precious Cleaning Princess looks so adult now!⑳
⑳I really don't. I think your heart's just a little dirty, mister.⑳
⑳I'll use my cleaning magic to make your filthy soul squeaky clean!⑳
The photographers writhed as they drooled and fell all over themselves from that killing blow.
No man could resist my well-trained charms.
⑳I'm gonna make your dirty heart squeaky clean too, mister!⑳
⑳Cameramen bewitched!→Beautiful lady idol's shocking debut!→Sorry Nunokawa, but we're rivals from this day forward!⑳
⑳You're gonna need a steel brush or something to make your own heart squeaky clean, Mayuhin.⑳
⑳Isn't Riria just the cutest?!⑳
⑳She looks so picturesque sweeping the shrine grounds!⑳
⑳Well, that's hardly a surprise, given her background.⑳
⑳C'mon boys. Hey, Natty, quit standing around and get to work!⑳
⑳I-I can't believe I get to make the place squeaky clean with the famous Magical Lily!⑳
⑳Hoooooooooooooooooooooooo! Greaaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
⑳Natsu, you won't get any work done if you don't calm down a little.⑳
Susuhara seemed cool as always.
I was happy Atsuta was as fired up as always, of course...
But I'd be even happier if I could get Susuhara to act the same.
Our eyes happened to meet during the photo shoot.
When they did, I remembered the strange dream I'd had the night before.
Even after I woke up, I still couldn't get him out of my head.
And for some reason, it felt like he was the only one watching me grow.
I'd never been in love before, but I was sure this had to be something like love at first sight.
Or was it more like... watching a shooting star I'd wished on?
Was I hoping that I could make it big if I earned Susuhara's recognition?
Whatever the case, I didn't understand why he was such a large presence in my mind when we'd barely spoken to each other.
...
I knew there was no point in thinking about it.
After all... there doesn't have to be a reason for destiny.
⑳So Magical Lily is in high school now, eh?⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
⑳Got your eye on anyone special?⑳
⑳Hmm...⑳
⑳Wait, you're thinking about it? Does that mean you do?!⑳
I glanced at him.
Everyone else was watching me, yet he just kept on cleaning in silence.
My blood boiled over with irritation.
I was doing this interview in front of everyone to prove to him just how different I was from most people.
Of course, I wasn't foolish enough to expect him to understand my appeal so easily, either.
⑳You could say that.⑳
⑳Although it's more like there's someone I want to look at me.⑳
⑳Oooh, and who is it?⑳
⑳Hmm...⑳
⑳Wh-Who-Who is it?! I-I-Is it me?!⑳
⑳You're a big fan of hers, so maybe you're on to something.⑳
⑳Personally, I don't think it's good to give people hope like that.⑳
⑳But Riria's in love. Isn't that wonderful?⑳
⑳M-My Magical Lily's in love?! Pbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb!⑳
⑳I'm gonna marry Magical Lily when I grow up! I won't let anyone else have her!⑳
⑳Ghgaahh...⑳
⑳You'll get in the way of Riria's work if you're too loud.⑳
⑳Gr-Great...⑳
⑳Susuhara, Atsuta, come over this way. We need your help here.⑳
⑳Yep, we gotta get back to cleaning, too.⑳
⑳Aw, but I wanted to know more about this guy Riria likes...⑳
Ms. Hinagata led the members of the LCSC out of the way.
⑳I don't think I'd call it love, though.⑳
⑳After all, Lily belongs to everyone!⑳
⑳Ha ha ha ha, so it's more like someone you admire?⑳
⑳Mmm, not exactly.⑳
⑳I'm sorry. I'm not sure how to explain it.⑳
⑳All I know is that I want him to look at me more than anything in the world.⑳
⑳So does that mean he's not interested in you?⑳
⑳No, not at all.⑳
⑳Honestly, it's the worst! It makes me wanna cry!⑳
⑳So I made a promise to myself.⑳
⑳I swore I'd hone my charm and make him see me for who I am.⑳
⑳That's a high school Magical Lily for you! She's changed up her image and now wants a man!⑳
⑳Oh, you're such a kidder.⑳
⑳I'd just like it if I could test out the scope of my charms on him.⑳
⑳If I can't get him to look at me, then that just means I've still got a long way to go.⑳
⑳That's great! It's like Magical Lily learned the power of love and is getting another power-up!⑳
...I already said it wasn't love.
Oh well. He could punch up the story however he pleased...
A story's dead in the water without a little spice.
The second half of the interview concluded with mostly pointless chitchat.
I didn't have time for that sort of thing but played along anyway.
I said my goodbyes to the crew at the shrine's archway.
I bowed my head until they faded away into the crowds of the shopping district.
⑳...Wonder where everyone is.⑳
They'd left halfway through to give me some privacy.
But when I looked around, I didn't see them anywhere. Just the elderly people who'd come to pray.
⑳They wouldn't have left without me.⑳
I had to find them.
Iwaimoto Shrine was a relatively large and well-kept place.
Vast crowds would always gather here on New Year's.
And since it was right at the end of the shopping district, you could always find plenty of devout senior citizens about.
There were places where you could buy amulets or draw your fortunes. I'd done my fair share of the latter in my past.
Well, to put it more mysteriously—that was all just the shrine's outward face.
Deeper there lurked other secrets...
The locals knew Iwaimoto Shrine as one of the biggest shrines in the region.
But it had another side, best known over the internet to curious teenagers all across Japan.
The doll memorial hall.
This was the reason for the shrine's wider fame.
It was said that old dolls carried spirits within them.
Sometimes people found themselves reluctant to throw them in the trash when the time came to get rid of them.
So instead, they would hold memorial services for them and leave them here.
⑳Not the kind of place you'd want to go normally...⑳
The doll memorial hall was filled with rows of dolls as far as the eye could see.
Most of them were Japanese dolls.
Seeing just one of those in a dark room would be scary enough.
So when so many of them are gathered in one location, it makes it look like kind of an occult hot spot.
I wondered just how many there were. Hundreds? No, it could even be thousands.
Either way, having all those soulless eyes staring at you...
...made the hall feel like no place for the living to tread.
Once, a user on a certain occult forum had reported that when they'd prayed at this shrine for a curse on a hated enemy—that wish had been granted. The place had had some cachet ever since.
If you made top ten lists of Japanese occult hot spots, then this place would be on every single one.
Just then, one of the dolls suddenly became as big as a human and stood up on its own two feet.
⑳Eek...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Oh, it's just you, Kurokami. You scared me...⑳
⑳...⑳
She was in her priestess garb, yet she still held the same creepy doll as always.
She wouldn't let it go even at school.
But in this place, it only seemed natural for it to be in her arms.
⑳Umm... have you seen the rest of the LCSC?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Did you see Susuhara? You know, he's my precious, baby, darling boyfriend now.⑳
Kurokami had her usual depressing look on her face, so I tried joking around, but as expected, she didn't play along.
⑳...⑳
⑳...Don't.⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳He's corrupted.⑳
⑳...So stay... away from him...⑳
⑳What?⑳
Kurokami ignored me and left.
What in the world was her deal?
I was irritated but didn't feel the slightest desire to have her look at me, unlike Susuhara.
⑳...⑳
⑳We're basically cleaning your home, you know.⑳
⑳Would it kill you to show a little appreciation?⑳
I didn't expect her to hear my grumbling, of course.
Toé Kurokami was the only daughter of the shrine's head priest.
I heard she was basically never at school. Possibly because she knew she was just going to take over her family's trade anyway.
The Kurokami family owned a lot of land in the mountains.
They were wealthy and well-respected in the area.
So perhaps she'd transcended simple worldly emotions long ago.
...
⑳Well, she's none of my concern anyway.⑳
⑳Nunokawa?⑳
⑳Huh? Oh...⑳
I jumped with surprise.
Susuhara was standing beside the hall, broom in hand.
(Oh no, I hope he didn't hear me badmouth Kurokami. Ugh, I'm the worst!)
⑳Are you done with your interview?⑳
⑳I'd say I was done with it for some time now.⑳
⑳I mean, the last half was basically just gossip, and I was nodding along, telling them what they wanted to hear.⑳
⑳I see. Good work.⑳
Calm as ever.
Most people would react in some way to a statement like that.
Though I'd say the way he could coolly defy expectations like that was one of his good points.
Normally, I'd be straight-up offended by his curt behavior.
Yet at that moment, I found it refreshing and comforting.
...Was I actually just getting tired of people fawning over me?
I'd thought for sure this wasn't love...
But maybe I was wrong?
I couldn't say I'd ever thought about a boy for this long before.
No matter how many sexy celebrities and shrewd producers made the moves on me.
So then maybe Susuhara really was special.
But if I were to say he was a special person to me, that was basically just another way of saying I had a thing for him.
⑳Is something wrong?⑳
⑳N-No. I-It's nothing.⑳
No one else was around.
Not Atsuta, not Ms. Hinagata, nor any passing worshipers.
I'd found this place creepy just a minute ago, but it didn't seem that way anymore.
⑳See? Maybe you didn't think so at first, but I really am a celebrity. You get it now?⑳
⑳I never doubted you.⑳
⑳Could have fooled me...⑳
⑳Hmm?⑳
Though he was with a girl—and a gorgeous idol, at that—he quietly went back to cleaning.
Almost like I was invisible.
This was exactly why I wanted his recognition.
I'd decided to stop thinking about why. I didn't need a reason.
I just wanted him to look at me.
⑳Actually... I've been praying lately.⑳
⑳Oh really?⑳
⑳Yes. That if I can convert this one person into a fan of mine...⑳
⑳...then I can succeed as the new me.⑳
⑳I see.⑳
He made a vague reply without even looking in my direction.
He really was cold.
It was seriously starting to tick me off.
Yet all I could think about was getting him to look my way.
So much so that I didn't care what had triggered this feeling anymore.
I wondered if I should just go ahead and accept it as love.
This had to be love at first sight...
⑳I swear I'll make him look my way...⑳
⑳Well, good luck with that.⑳
He didn't even bother turning my way! I couldn't stand it!
⑳...Say, Riria.⑳
⑳Yes?⑳
Susuhara finally turned to face me.
But I froze when I saw the look in his eyes.
I'd never seen such a cold gaze before...
⑳Do you believe your new self is succeeding?⑳
⑳I wouldn't say I'm a hit... But I think I'm off to a good start.⑳
Today's interview was mere child's play.
I'd been getting more coverage ever since I was chosen for Flower High School, and expectations were growing.
Of course they were—Magical Lily had returned, after disappearing at the peak of her popularity...
⑳That hype...⑳
⑳It's not about you. It's for Magical Lily. Am I wrong?⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
⑳I overheard some of the interview, you know.⑳
⑳Those reporters only saw you as the grown-up Magical Lily, didn't they?⑳
I was rendered speechless.
But deep down, I'd realized the same thing.
He'd simply put it into words before I'd processed it.
⑳Did you want to move on from Magical Lily and become Riria Nunokawa...⑳
⑳Oh wait, or was it Riria Kurusu? Sorry, I get confused.⑳
⑳E-Either one's fine...⑳
⑳At any rate, did you want to move on from Magical Lily and become Riria Kurusu?⑳
⑳Or did you just want everyone to keep loving Magical Lily even after she grew up?⑳
⑳Honestly, I can't even tell the difference.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You know, Natsu showed me what you used to look like.⑳
⑳A-And what did you think?⑳
⑳You were cute. A true Princess of Cleaningland.⑳
⑳You were absolutely adorable.⑳
A wave of triumph welled in me.
But that sense of vindication burned away in the face of Susuhara's chilling expression.
⑳But now it's all gone.⑳
⑳You don't have a single trace of Lily's cuteness left.⑳
His words and icy stare were like a dagger to my heart.
⑳Natsu's a good guy. He was a fan of Lily's, yet he wasn't disappointed by the sight of you.⑳
⑳But what are you now... compared to the adorable little angel you once were?⑳
⑳Just look at those disgustingly long legs. Those long and unsightly arms.⑳
⑳Your angelic eyes are a thing of the past. Where did your cute little nose go?⑳
⑳That's not even getting into those lumps of fat you call breasts or your rear.⑳
⑳You're not that innocent angel anymore.⑳
⑳I sure am glad I wasn't a fan of yours back then.⑳
⑳Because if I were, I'd probably be devastated.⑳
⑳I know I couldn't stand seeing the Lily I'd known and loved...⑳
⑳...get turned into this pig trying to pretend she's still Lily.⑳
It felt like my whole world had shattered into pieces, like a mirror.
The things he said were far beyond insulting... but they were all true.
My body had long since ceased to be Magical Lily.
The pure Cleaning Princess was gone.
I had these disgusting fat sacks on my chest, and my butt was huge and repulsive.
My nose was long and pointed, and my face was horrifying. I hated looking at myself in the mirror.
I knew all that. I didn't need him to remind me.
This body wasn't Lily. This wasn't me. I knew that. This was the body of a pig. A monster.
⑳I respect Natsu, you know.⑳
⑳Considering he can even stand to look at this disgusting thing that keeps trying to call itself Magical Lily.⑳
⑳Aaaah, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...⑳
I wanted to scream. Scream so loud that it'd erase his words.
But I couldn't erase the truth.
My hideous insecurities and my hideous body were both undeniable. Screaming wouldn't make them go away.
I hung my head and sobbed.
I was disgusted that I'd thought my new self could do well just because of a stupid interview.
⑳However...⑳
There was the faintest sense of warmth in his voice.
It served as a ray of hope in my darkest hour.
⑳At least you know how disgusting you are.⑳
⑳That's why you decided to stop being Lily and create a new you, isn't it?⑳
⑳...Yes. *sob* Yes...⑳
⑳Will you keep being Lily, or become a new you?⑳
⑳Either one is fine.⑳
⑳But you can't choose both.⑳
⑳Yes... I know. *sob*⑳
⑳You made that choice and stuck to it.⑳
⑳I think you deserve credit for that, if nothing else.⑳
⑳Susu...hara...⑳
I finally understood why he'd angered me.
I'd planned on cutting ties with the past, yet I was still chained to it.
That was why I'd turned into this hideous pig.
I already knew this body didn't belong to Magical Lily.
If I wanted to preserve her charm forever, then I had to stop lying.
⑳I'm... no longer Magical Lily.⑳
⑳I won't call myself by that name ever again...⑳
⑳I won't try to act all cutesy like I used to, ever again...⑳
⑳I swear from the bottom of my heart...⑳
⑳...that I'll be reborn. Not as Magical Lily... but as Riria Kurusu.⑳
Susuhara smiled when I announced my decision.
⑳Riria.⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
His voice came from behind me.
I turned around to find Susuhara standing there.
...What? Then who had I been talking to?
Then, I finally noticed.
I was standing all alone in front of the hall, with the countless dolls as my only onlookers.
And Susuhara had just called out to me from behind?
⑳Is something wrong?⑳
⑳What do you mean?⑳
⑳We were just talking... weren't we?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳I... don't think so?⑳
Susuhara looked confused. It seemed he really didn't have a clue what I was talking about.
Th-Then who in the world was that?
I thought I was talking to Susuhara, but I was actually all alone this whole time?
⑳...⑳
⑳Are you okay?⑳
⑳No... It's fine, though.⑳
⑳I've always been prone to having weird daydreams whenever I space out.⑳
⑳I thought it'd gone away recently, but I suppose it's still there.⑳
Yes, it must have been a daydream. Thinking otherwise would bring me no answers.
⑳You must be tired from practice.⑳
⑳You don't have to force yourself to participate in Sunday activities. You should rest when you can.⑳
⑳Susuhara...⑳
Susuhara's kind words spread across my heart like milk spreading through hot cocoa.
He'd appeared in my dreams and daydreams.
I'd thought he was cold, but his consideration here had proven me wrong.
I wondered just how much of my mind he could possibly occupy.
He really was special, that was for sure.
With his words, consideration, support, and recognition...
...I would be complete.
We'd only known each other for a few days...
We'd only said a few words to each other...
And yet I felt like I'd known him my whole life.
It was like... he didn't have those walls others had around them.
What I felt for him was a sense of connection you'd normally only get with good friends and family.
In hindsight, I might have felt that way since the first time we met.
It wasn't that I was attracted to him. It was that there were no barriers between us to begin with.
I used to think love at first sight was more about your heart pounding so hard you couldn't take it.
I never knew it could feel this warm...
That baseless sense of love at first sight was now becoming something more self-aware...
⑳I went to buy drinks. Everyone else is in the office.⑳
⑳Were you looking for me?⑳
⑳I'm sorry, we must have just missed each other.⑳
⑳I didn't know what you liked, so I picked something that looked good. I hope that's okay.⑳
⑳As long as it's tea, it shouldn't be a problem.⑳
Susuhara went to buy drinks?
Then the Susuhara I saw before...
...
No, there's only one Susuhara. That Susuhara and this one are both Susuhara.
He was Suzumu Susuhara for sure. I could feel it.
Then did his thoughts and feelings reach me, or something like that?
What an idea. It sounded like something out of a fairytale.
Oh well. I didn't care what it was.
They were both Susuhara. And both of them were special to me.
⑳Anyway, there sure are a lot of dolls in there, huh?⑳
⑳You can say that again.⑳
⑳They say old dolls absorb people's feelings.⑳
⑳So maybe they absorb grudges as well. That's a little scary, don't you think?⑳
⑳Yeah. I think you're right.⑳
⑳That would explain why it feels so wrong in here.⑳
⑳Oh? Are you familiar with the occult, then?⑳
⑳No, not really.⑳
⑳Something about this place just unsettles me, that's all.⑳
Anyone would be unsettled when surrounded by hundreds of these creepy dolls.
But it sounded like what Susuhara was talking about went beyond that.
⑳I think negativity zones must be real.⑳
⑳What do you mean?⑳
⑳Well, you know how sometimes it feels worse when people try to cheer you up?⑳
⑳You mean like when you'd rather be alone?⑳
⑳My father told me there are places that have that effect, too.⑳
⑳He calls them negativity zones.⑳
⑳So... corrupted places, you'd say?⑳
⑳The kinds of places you shouldn't visit unless you absolutely have to, that is.⑳
⑳Thank you for the warning, Susuhara. I'll be more careful in the future.⑳
⑳Oh, right. There's something I wanted to give you, actual—⑳
⑳In that case, you should probably stay away from me as well.⑳
⑳Because apparently, I'm corrupted, too.⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
He said all that with a composed smile.
I couldn't tell if he was serious or joking.
⑳Why... are you corrupted?⑳
⑳No idea. But that's what Kurokami said when I saw her earlier.⑳
⑳She told me not to approach her again because I was corrupted. Said I would bring misfortune.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Kurokami's always been strange. You shouldn't let it bother you.⑳
⑳There's no way you're corrupted or whatever.⑳
When I met Susuhara, it was love at first sight—no, something beyond that.
Yet Kurokami said that approaching him would bring misfortune? How messed up.
⑳I'm sorry.⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳I was just trying to lighten the mood. I didn't mean to sound so serious.⑳
Susuhara smiled apologetically.
Maybe he had just been venting from the shock of Kurokami's scathing proclamation.
⑳Let's go. The others are waiting.⑳
⑳Please, hold on a moment, Susuhara!⑳
⑳Hmm?⑳
I'd actually been waiting for a chance to be all alone with Susuhara today.
I couldn't do this earlier because Atsuta and the others were watching, so this was the perfect opportunity for me.
⑳Actually, I want to give you something.⑳
⑳Huh? What is it?⑳
Back in the days before the collapse of the bubble economy, individual idols were raised with care.
But gradually, trends shifted towards idol units, such as Kitty Cat Club and AKB Musume.
Instead of being raised with care, they now had to fight against each other.
In that sense, my Cleaning Princess act was beyond lucky.
It was rare to be raised with such care as an individual these days.
But things were different now.
The staff, stage lights, and everyone's eyes would no longer be focused on me alone.
I had to survive and stand out amongst the group to be acknowledged.
I was Riria Kurusu. The new me, who'd graduated and been reborn from Magical Lily.
⑳Hello everybody!⑳
⑳We take on every challenge headfirst and live our lives to the fullest!⑳
⑳Flower High School!⑳
Nowadays, the idol war was comprised of powerful warring fiefdoms.
Countless units were born and died without ever making names for themselves.
But just the same, they all strive to be the next AKB Musume or Momoiro Clubber A.
Flower High School was just one of those units.
They were an all-female high school student group that fit perfectly into the category of ⑳passable⑳ right between the major and underground groups.
Their selling point was their intense dancing, which the members did until they could go on no longer. Some had even collapsed.
It was overkill, but their sincere devotion to the task had made the rounds on the internet, resulting in a major boost of popularity recently.
Eager to take advantage of the situation and hit it big, the agency had grown abuzz with the notion of auditioning a new member.
It was from among many candidates that Riria Kurusu, the former Magical Lily, was selected.
⑳Today's the day we introduce our brand-new classmate!⑳
⑳You all know, don't you?! That's right! It's -her-!⑳
⑳I used to watch her on TV all the time when I was a kid! I looked up to her!⑳
⑳So we'd like to introduce the former Magical Lily, Riria Kurusu! Come on down!⑳
Today's event featured several not-quite-major idol units.
Here, fans of different groups could interact; popular units would get more fans as unpopular ones were weeded out.
But that was only natural in this world.
I wouldn't be buried. I would persevere, as Riria Kurusu!
⑳Hellolo! Everyone pumped up?!⑳
⑳Lily! Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳I have returned as Riria Kurusu, Flower High's latest transfer student!⑳
⑳Make our hearts squeaky clean! Lily, Lily, Lily, Magical Lily!⑳
⑳Riria's fans sure are passionate!⑳
⑳Magical Lily really is in a league of her own!⑳
⑳I'll have you know I'm no longer the Princess of Cleaningland!⑳
⑳That princess is now all grown up, and she's ready to show off her grown-up charms!⑳
⑳Lily, Lily! Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!⑳
I wondered then if Susuhara was somewhere amongst that massive crowd.
I'd given him a VIP ticket, so he should have been able to skip all the lines.
(What do you think? See how excited all these people are?)
Then again, he was a tough customer. I doubted he'd be swayed by other people's enthusiasm.
...It was strange.
I'd been on stage so many times that I'd stopped having nerves over it long ago.
Yet my heart was pounding so hard over one boy amidst this sea of countless heads.
I still didn't know what I saw in him.
He seemed kind, yet was also remorseless in pointing out the truth.
Perhaps I'd never met anyone like him before.
Was that why he made my heart go aflutter?
I thought I was the sadist type, but maybe I was a masochist all along. I'd discovered a new side to myself.
⑳We are Flower High School!⑳
⑳Best of wishes to our newest classmate!⑳
⑳We'll all be at our booth after this, where you can buy our new single!⑳
⑳Everyone who purchases a copy gets to shake hands with a member of their choice!⑳
⑳We'll be waiting there! Be sure to stop on by!⑳
⑳Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Lily, Lily, Lily, Magical Lily!⑳
Several other rival units came to the stage after.
Flower High left the stage after announcing my debut and our new song to commemorate it.
We took a short break before we had to head for our booth.
Helping sell our single and shaking the customers' hands were both very important jobs.
A customer could shake the hand of one member per purchased CD.
The agency was counting the exact number we each got, of course, which would influence who took center position.
Well, I already had a sense for the hierarchy. I wasn't naïve; I knew it would be an uphill struggle.
I had to work hard to keep my smile up and remember the faces of everyone who shook my hand.
It would all be over if they started thinking I was rude or arrogant.
I had to treat them like kings so I could attract the other members' fans one by one by one.
⑳Thank you for buying our single!⑳
⑳Who would you like a handshake from?⑳
⑳Chii all the way, please!⑳
⑳I've supported you for so long, Lily!⑳
⑳Ai, please...⑳
⑳Li-Lil-Lily! Please shake my hand!⑳
⑳Hey Lily, you really are popular! You got another request!⑳
⑳Sure thing! Thank you for buying our single!⑳
⑳Lily, please use your Sparkle Magic!⑳
⑳Hee hee hee! With my Sparkle Magic, I'm gonna make you squeaky clean!⑳
⑳I love you sooo much, big brother! I wanna make your heart happy, happy, happy!⑳
⑳Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Lily, Lily, Lily, Magical Lily!⑳
⑳Ri-Ri-Ri-Ri-Riria, I came to show my support!⑳
⑳Oh wow, you're here too? I'm so happy!⑳
⑳I-I-I couldn't say it back at school, b-b-bu-but I can here!⑳
⑳Please use your Sparkle Magic on me!⑳
⑳Oh, what am I going to do with you, Natsuya?⑳
⑳Yaah! With my Sparkle Magic, I'll make my crazy big brother Natsuya's heart squeaky clean!⑳
⑳Woooooooooohoooooooooooooooooo! Greaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
It was Flower High's rule to go all out until you collapsed.
And that's why I had to give the fans what they wanted, even if it killed me!
I put on my best smile to show my new self to all those who'd supported me since I was Magical Lily...
...to stand out to the hardcore fans who bought enough copies to shake each member's hand...
...and to make those who'd picked the new member out of curiosity fall for me for real!
⑳Thank you so much! I'll keep doing my best, so please support us!⑳
⑳Lily! I bought five CDs! Please give me five handshakes!⑳
⑳Wow, you're so popular! That's the power of Magical Lily for you!⑳
My popularity today was like a welcoming ceremony for the new member.
Some of these fans would be satisfied to have met me just once in their lives.
That wasn't good. Ideally, you want them to keep coming back. You have to make zealous fans out of them.
In that sense, the other members' fans were all passionate zealots who kept coming back for more.
Magical Lily's fans just came to celebrate her long-awaited return.
They hadn't necessarily been converted into Riria Kurusu fans.
...I wondered again if Susuhara was there.
I felt like knowing he was would be motivating.
Idols work hard for everyone's sake. That's a rule that's set in stone.
But a part of me wondered if it was okay to work hard just for Susuhara's sake—at least until he acknowledged the new me, that is.
(Oh no. I can't think about this sort of thing on the job.)
(I hope Susuhara comes by soon.)
I could tell he was probably in line.
After all, there'd been a bond between us since long before we'd met.
Just then, I felt like I picked up on his signal.
There he was!
He stood out like a sore thumb in the line, clearly not used to these sorts of events.
Oh, did our eyes just meet?
Yes! Yes! They did!
⑳In that case, you should probably stay away from me as well.⑳
⑳Because apparently, I'm corrupted, too.⑳
But why would he have said that to me...?
No, this wasn't the time. I had to focus on the work before me.
⑳Thank you for buying our single!⑳
⑳Who would you like a handshake from?⑳
⑳Li-Lily, please!⑳
⑳Sure—⑳
⑳Sure thing!⑳
⑳Thanks for choosing me, Mister!⑳
A little girl ran in from behind.
It was me. Lily.
Cleaning Princess Magical Lily...
⑳Lily! I've supported you for so many years!⑳
⑳Aw, thanks! You're the bestest big brother ever!⑳
⑳There are people on the internet who say you fell from grace...⑳
⑳...but Magical Lily's spark will live in my heart forever!⑳
⑳[Goodbye] Magical Lily's A Total Hag After Three Years [My Waifu]⑳
Who do Magical Lily's fans even think they are?
Lily's totally out of place. Chii looked really pissed off, too.
What's she even doing in Flower High? Her dancing was totally out of sync!
Who the hell's that she-hulk? They should just kick her out already.
⑳There are trolls out there on the internet, but I'll always support Magical Lily!⑳
⑳No matter how much you change, I'll always love you!⑳
⑳People say you're a fossil or past your prime, but don't let them bother you!⑳
⑳I'm not worried. After all, I'm the Princess of Cleaningland!⑳
⑳One, two, three! 'With my Sparkle Magic...'⑳
⑳'...I'm gonna make all your hearts squeaky clean!'⑳
⑳Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Lily, Lily, Lily, Magical Lily!⑳
More and more people were asking for Magical Lily...
...but no one asked for Riria Kurusu.
⑳Oh geez, it's not easy being popular!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Hey, that's my spot. Get out of the way, you washed-up old hag.⑳
⑳You're...⑳
⑳I'm Magical Lily, Princess of Cleaningland.⑳
⑳I'm gonna make your heart squeaky clean! Ahahahahaha!⑳
⑳And you're the carcass that used to be me!⑳
⑳C-Carcass? Why you...⑳
⑳Look at my body!⑳
⑳I'm the little sister everyone wishes they could have! I'm cute as a button, with just a touch of mischief in my heart!⑳
⑳I know I'm so dainty, I look like I'd break if you hugged me, but I'm so gosh-darn cute, you can't help but want to anyway!⑳
I knew those words. I had said them all in my head long ago.
⑳But look at you... What can you say about your own body?⑳
⑳It's like... a monster's.⑳
⑳Magical Lily's a princess forever! Just get lost already, you hag!⑳
⑳With my Sparkle Magic, I'm gonna make this hideous monster squeaky clean!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Lily? Are you okay? Have you been standing too long?⑳
⑳Huh? Oh...⑳
⑳You've been working yourself to the bone. Why don't you take a break?⑳
⑳Thank you! Who would you like a handshake from?!⑳
⑳Riria Kurusu.⑳
⑳Oh...⑳
That... was the first time today... anyone... had called me... Riria Kurusu...
Susu...hara...
⑳I was watching you.⑳
⑳That was some great dancing.⑳
⑳Susu...hara.⑳
⑳Today... you showed me a brand new Riria Kurusu...⑳
⑳...completely different from Lily.⑳
My eyes were so fogged up with tears I couldn't see anything.
I knew there was something special about Susuhara.
I didn't care if others didn't understand.
As long as he did... that was all I needed.
I shook his hand.
Susuhara's hand was cool.
But when I held it, I felt something frozen in my heart begin to thaw...
⑳Hey, if it isn't Susuhara! You're here, too?!⑳
⑳Hi, Natsu. I didn't think I'd see you here.⑳
⑳Who'd you come to watch? Was it Riria? It was Riria, wasn't it?!⑳
⑳I can't believe you came around to Magical Lily so quickly! You really are the great man I took you for!⑳
⑳Riria sure worked hard, didn't she?⑳
⑳And her dancing was out of this world! That's Magical Lily for you!⑳
⑳By the way... where do I buy the single?⑳
⑳What?! You haven't bought one yet?! How ungreat of you!⑳
⑳I want to go say hi to Riria, but I'm totally lost.⑳
⑳This place must be great if you of all people got lost in it!⑳
⑳I'll show you the way! Come with me!⑳
⑳Huh? Wait, was it this way? Uh, um...⑳
⑳See? Easy to get lost, isn't it?⑳
Late that night, my phone started glowing.
I didn't know the number, but I had my suspicions.
⑳...Hello?⑳
⑳It's Susuhara. Sorry for calling so late.⑳
⑳Oh, it's no trouble. I had a feeling it'd be you, you know.⑳
For a moment, I wondered how Susuhara got my number.
But I didn't feel the least bit unsettled.
After all, I wanted to know what his number was, too.
⑳So what is it?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...Good question.⑳
What a weirdo. But it sounded like he had me figured out entirely.
After all, I was the one who had business with him.
⑳...⑳
But... I couldn't think of what it was.
No, that wasn't it.
Maybe I just felt I didn't need any silly reason to talk to him.
⑳Why don't you take a look out the window?⑳
⑳The window? Wait, you mean mine?⑳
I stood up and opened the nearby curtain.
I saw the residential district blanketed by night. Same as always.
But... there was a familiar face under the streetlight in front of the house.
⑳I was wondering if you'd like to go on a walk with me.⑳
⑳This is the first time a boy's ever invited me on a midnight stroll. I don't know what to say...⑳
⑳I figured you might like to.⑳
⑳You're right... I would.⑳
When I look back on this event, I realize I should have questioned it more.
I never told anyone my home phone number, to say nothing of my cell number.
It wouldn't have taken much thought to realize he shouldn't have known it.
But at the time, he was all I could think about.
Susuhara understood me completely, so I didn't find anything strange about him knowing my number.
You know what they say about ⑳something⑳ being blind.
And so I devoted myself to that thing that looked like Susuhara...
...without finding anything odd about it.
But don't get me wrong, Susuhara.
It's not like I trusted your doppelganger specifically.
I trusted it... because I thought it was you.
We—no, it was probably only me—talked about a lot.
I felt I could tell him anything.
We shared several nights like that.
He knew the more I vented, the better I felt.
But all I vented about were my own weaknesses.
The more I admitted them, the more I became addicted to him—like a drug.
Eventually, I came to depend on the thing that resembled Susuhara with every fiber of my being.
Before him, I was no more than a little girl baring her weaknesses and unleashing her troubles.
I told him everything and believed whatever he said without question.
But I didn't mind if he thought I was weak...
⑳I think you're still trying to make up your mind, if you ask me.⑳
⑳About what?⑳
⑳Whether to make a new start as Riria Kurusu...⑳
⑳...Or...⑳
⑳To keep existing as Magical Lily.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳It wouldn't hurt nearly as much if I could just decide that easily.⑳
⑳True.⑳
By no means did I hate Magical Lily.
She'd brought me to the height of my popularity. The manifestation of the first and last stroke of luck in my life.
I didn't want to let go of her if I didn't have to.
What I really wanted... was to stay as Magical Lily forever...
⑳But... my body just keeps getting uglier and uglier...⑳
⑳My breasts and hips just keep getting fatter and more grotesque by the day.⑳
⑳I didn't want this either! I could have stayed as Lily forever if it weren't for this awful body of mine!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳So there's the truth.⑳
⑳I'm proud of you, Riria.⑳
That was the first time he'd said my name so tenderly.
It felt so, so good. Like we'd grown closer than ever before.
I felt tears rain down my cheeks.
⑳I can't go back to being Magical Lily...⑳
⑳All of my old fans say such horrible things about me now!⑳
⑳That's why I have to be reborn as Riria Kurusu!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳If there were a way you could go back...⑳
⑳...would you take it?⑳
⑳What...?⑳
It didn't sound like he was just spouting nonsense then.
I knew that if it were possible... I wanted to do it more than anything.
That's right. He must have been waiting for me to say that.
⑳What is it?⑳
⑳Would you believe me? I doubt it. It's far too preposterous.⑳
⑳What is it? Please, tell me!⑳
He took something out of his pocket and showed it to me.
It was a small black bottle.
No, I only thought it was a black bottle. Upon closer inspection, I realized it was the contents that were.
They swayed back and forth when Susuhara shook the bottle.
Fine grains, like sand in an hourglass.
⑳What... is that?⑳
⑳It's a fine powder made from extremely rare medicinal plants passed between a select few tribes in the northern reaches of India.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Those tribes use a secret medicine to keep their elderly sages alive longer.⑳
⑳And this is it.⑳
⑳It... extends your life?⑳
⑳It seems rumors of a medicine that bestowed eternal youth and life made their way to ancient China, as well.⑳
⑳But it can't give eternal life. All humans are fated to die someday.⑳
⑳However... the youth part is true.⑳
⑳You mean... you won't age?⑳
⑳It can stimulate the body's cells to hold back the aging process.⑳
⑳That's the only effect it has on the elderly.⑳
⑳But if someone young were to take it, it would reverse their aging process.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳No way...⑳
That was the first thing that came to mind, but I didn't say it.
Because if I did, my last hope would be gone forever.
⑳It's not impossible. I have proof.⑳
⑳Has someone tried it?⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
⑳That someone... was me.⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳Tell me, how old do I look to you?⑳
I understood what he was implying, b-but that would mean...
⑳L-Like a high-schooler... I-Is that wrong?⑳
⑳The truth is, I'm far older than that.⑳
⑳What...?⑳
That couldn't be.
Susuhara had a baby-face.
He could definitely pass for a middle-schooler.
Actually, had we not met at school, I'm almost certain I would have mistaken him for one.
Susuhara whispered his true age to me... but that would make him older than my father. I just couldn't believe it.
⑳I was born very early, you see. My parents were told I wouldn't last half a year.⑳
⑳Fortunately, I made it to my first birthday, but I had to stay in the hospital on life-support the whole time.⑳
⑳Naturally, I couldn't go to kindergarten, much less regular school.⑳
⑳I kept getting told I wouldn't make it to the end of the year, yet I kept surviving at every turn.⑳
Normally, you'd just write this off as nonsense.
But though it sounded unbelievable, I found myself accepting his story.
I'd told him everything about myself, so I wanted to accept everything he told me about himself, no matter how strange it sounded.
⑳Fortunately, I grew healthier once I approached adulthood.⑳
⑳By my 20s, I had a normal body that was only slightly weaker than average.⑳
⑳But I never got to attend kindergarten or grade school.⑳
⑳I was so sad I couldn't live the way my peers had.⑳
⑳I lived to be an adult, at the cost of losing my childhood.⑳
⑳It was at that time I happened across this medicine.⑳
⑳Then that means... you took it... a-and became young again?⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
⑳Thanks to that, I've been able to attend grade school, middle school... and now high school.⑳
⑳Th-That's unbelievable...⑳
⑳I just wanted to live a normal life.⑳
⑳My body might have stolen that from me, but this medicine gave me a second chance.⑳
⑳So I no longer need it.⑳
⑳Then y-you'll...⑳
⑳Yes. I'll give it to you, if that's what you want.⑳
He gave me the bottle.
Can you believe it? I was holding a medicine too fantastic even for most fairytales.
But if this was a dream, I didn't want to wake up.
Because with this, I could have my adorable body back. The one that made me the Lily everyone knew and loved.
But that, of course, was all a total lie.
Just how crazy was I to believe in it?
A medicine that turned back the biological clock? That sort of thing would have made international news ages ago if it were real.
Huh? You think it's sadder that I thought you had a baby-face?
Ha ha ha. Sorry.
But I never could have dreamed he was lying.
Because... Because I trusted you.
That's why I took that shady medicine without question.
I decided to use it right away, just like he told me to.
I would cleanse myself in the bathroom, then put a little bit of the powder in my palm.
The smooth black grains quickly melted into ink in my warm hand.
When I poked it with my finger, I saw it was a pure liquid. No matter how much I stirred it, it remained the same inky black.
And so I covered my hands with it.
My palms became pitch-black. Not like the darkness of ink.
Resolving myself, I covered my belly with it.
The darkness never faded, no matter how much I spread it around.
Just as Susuhara had said, even just a little bit of it was enough to cover my whole body.
Eventually, I looked into the mirror to discover I looked like a jet-black mannequin.
Only my eyes still held any shine, making me look like a monster peeking out of the darkness.
But I couldn't let it bother me.
I was already enough of a monster as it was, so nothing that happened with my body could faze me anymore.
But I was only jet-black at first.
Just as he'd told me, the color started to fade, like it was being sucked into my body.
The black faded away with each passing moment, and after a few minutes, was gone like it'd never been there to begin with.
I ran my finger across my skin, only to feel something twitching underneath it.
I didn't find it strange at all. I figured the lymph circulation must be improving my metabolism.
⑳He was right... I'm changing...⑳
I felt the change right away the next morning.
It wasn't much, but I could tell since I looked in the mirror every day.
⑳I'm... getting younger...⑳
⑳That's incredible. I didn't expect you to actually feel change in just a few days.⑳
⑳Unlike you, I'm high school aged.⑳
⑳Then it's probably having a stronger effect on you since your cells are younger.⑳
⑳I'll get younger and younger if I use this every day, right?⑳
⑳But I've already run out.⑳
⑳Don't worry. I have more.⑳
⑳Once your skin gets used to it, you need to get used to it on the inside, too.⑳
⑳But I think the kick will be a bit harder this time.⑳
⑳What does it involve?⑳
⑳It's not that hard. I'll show you.⑳
⑳However, I think the side-effects will get stronger the younger you get.⑳
⑳I can take a few aches and pains, if that's all it involves.⑳
⑳You're rebuilding the foundation of your body, so you might have symptoms similar to a cold for a while.⑳
⑳Back when I did it, I used to get dizzy from the fever.⑳
⑳That's nothing!⑳
⑳Then I'll tell you how to use it.⑳
I was such an idiot...
I actually took that mysterious powder as told. And I put it inside me this time, too...
But I actually felt like I was getting younger.
I believed that I could return to my heyday as Magical Lily...
...and I could show you just how special I was.
Just as Susuhara told me, I put the powder into a tube-shaped piece of rolled-up paper and put it to my mouth.
In hindsight... I think that thing was smiling when he saw me do that.
Like he knew he'd dragged me into something from which I could never turn back.
⑳Just breathe it in. Be careful not to choke on it.⑳
⑳...Aaah...⑳
I hadn't felt anything when I'd applied it to my skin, but this time, I immediately felt dizzy.
I ignored it and continued to inhale, and before long, I felt a heat building up in me as though my chest were on fire.
I was a bit dazed, like when you spend too much time in a bath.
Not even the spiced sake I'd had for New Year's made me feel like this.
Susuhara was right to say this had a lot more kick, if just inhaling a little was enough to cause all this...
By the time I finished taking the entire dose, my body was burning up so badly I wanted to throw my clothes off.
He told me that was a sign my cells were working to make me younger.
Even after I went to bed and closed my eyes, the fire in my chest didn't fade.
Quite the opposite—I felt aches different from the pounding of my heart, along with something coursing through my body.
It was like I had a swarm of worms crawling through my lymph nodes and blood vessels.
Normally, I'd be disgusted by the sensation, but I saw it as a sign my body was trying to turn young.
...By the next morning, I couldn't get out of bed anymore.
I had a high fever, my body was swollen, and my joints ached.
My mother said it was probably a cold and scolded me for going too far on my nightly walks.
But I couldn't afford to stop my secret meetings with Susuhara.
There was a precise dosage and so on involved, so I couldn't take it without his instructions.
I had to keep this going until I got Magical Lily's body back.
I stayed in bed with a high fever through the day, snuck out when I was feeling a little better at night, and had Susuhara give me the medicine.
This routine went on for several days.
My parents told me to go to the hospital, but I didn't want a doctor to order me to stop, so I skipped in secret.
My face in the mirror looked haggard.
However, I was convinced this was part of the process of destroying my monstrous body from within.
And then, one week had passed since I started taking the medicine.
By this point, I was starting to get vertigo in addition to high fevers, and it was a struggle just to get out of bed.
I figured my parents would call an ambulance if I made a fuss, so I put up with it all no matter how hard it got.
Once my rendezvous time with Susuhara drew near, I forced myself up despite all the pain.
My fever was so bad that day I could barely move.
But my phone was beeping to let me know the time to meet Susuhara had come, and so I hurried onward.
I had started seeing the world as mushy and distorted. It felt like it was pulsating from time to time.
I couldn't even tell if I was walking on my own two feet or if I was rolling about while still asleep.
Even the handrail by the stairs I'd grown so accustomed to warped in my eyes, and so it took a lot of effort to get down the stairs without falling.
Fortunately, my parents didn't notice, and I managed to get outside.
⑳Fortunately.⑳ An odd choice of words, isn't it?
I'd have been much more fortunate... if I'd just collapsed then and there.
⑳Susu...hara...⑳
⑳So...rry... I'm... la...⑳
⑳It really is strong. It must be because you're young.⑳
⑳Hu...h...?⑳
⑳What's wrong?⑳
⑳You look... weird. Is it... the fever...?⑳
I knew that had to be Susuhara, but he looked very different.
I figured that it must have been the fever messing up my vision.
But while his voice was the same... his body wasn't.
It was like... he was a big black shadow.
He had long black hair that fell to the ground, and horns that looked like withered branches growing out of his head.
The dim glow from the streetlights didn't illuminate much, so I couldn't even see the look on his face.
But his voice was still Susuhara's, so I still believed it was him.
⑳Tonight's dose will be the end of the medicine.⑳
⑳Afterwards, just rest, let time do the wORk, and wait for your BoDY to chANgE.⑳
Susuhara's voice sounded odd from time to time. Something must have been up with my ears.
I was in a daze and on the verge of collapse. But it was the last time, so I endured, figuring I could sleep all I wanted later.
At Susuhara's urging, we sat down by the park's flowerbed.
When we did, he opened his right hand and tilted his palm downward.
Something seemed to flutter down from it.
It was black and light, like a tiny feather.
But it reflected no light even under the glow of the streetlights.
And then, what looked like black snow or soot began raining down.
Susuhara caught it in his left palm, forming a small mountain.
He then kneaded it with his hands, changing it into the shape of a thin tube.
This was the last of the medicine...
But this was the end of the line for me. I was dizzy and couldn't even trust what I was seeing.
Susuhara must have realized that, because he took my hands and helped me.
⑳Go ahead. Do your best.⑳
⑳Yesssh... Susu...hara...⑳
⑳This is the last of the meDICinE...⑳
⑳oNCe YoU iNHALe this, the cuRSEd SOOt WiLL sprEAD thROUGHoUT YOur whoLE BOdY...⑳
⑳This will... turn me back... into Magical Lily... right...?⑳
⑳YEs. nOW... INhalE...⑳
I did as I was told.
I inhaled it deep into my lungs.
And when I did, my head was filled with a burst of pure light.
I was still dazed, but the sense of fatigue and suffocation that had plagued me cleared right up.
I'd hit the peak.
My week of penance must have finally borne fruit.
Just then, I saw someone walk slowly out of the light.
It was a little girl.
It was me, back in the good old days where I was petite and adorable.
Tears of gratitude welled in her eyes, and she smiled appreciatively at me.
⑳Thanks for working so hard to bring me back, old hag.⑳
⑳Old hag... That's going... too far...⑳
⑳Now we can finally get Magical Lily back...⑳
⑳You and I will become one.⑳
⑳And with that, we can take back that time where we shined the brightest.⑳
⑳Will... Susuhara... acknowledge me...?⑳
⑳Of course he will. There's no guy out there who can resist my smile.⑳
⑳And it'll be a smile just for him.⑳
⑳I won't just be anyone's Lily anymore. I'll be Susuhara's Lily and nothing else.⑳
⑳And then I can take his heart for my own. I just know it.⑳
⑳Yes... we can. Because that body... is the best I've ever had...⑳
Lily slowly embraced me.
I hugged her back.
I felt the heat in my chest merge with the one in hers.
⑳You're a boil on my body. Like a pimple.⑳
⑳So once we pop it once and for all... I can finally return to my true self.⑳
⑳Once we get rid of my body once and for all... I'll go back to how I was...⑳
⑳You took all the medicine, so all that's left is to sleep and wait.⑳
⑳Then I'll be reborn and have Suzumu aaalll to myself!⑳
⑳Yes... This body... will soon... fade away...⑳
⑳Yep! And then I'll go see him once I'm back to my adorable self.⑳
All of a sudden, I heard tires screeching as a car quickly took off.
That sound brought me back to my senses, clearing some of the haze in my mind.
⑳What's wrong?⑳
⑳Oh, uh...⑳
⑳It's nothing. My mind just suddenly became a lot clearer.⑳
⑳That means you've gotten past the hard part. The medicine's effects are spreading through your body.⑳
⑳Everything will be fine now. All you have to do is wait.⑳
⑳All I have to do... is wait.⑳
⑳Yes. You'll see.⑳
With those final words, the thing that looked like Susuhara faded into the darkness.
I suddenly found myself worried.
Oddly enough, the medicine had felt more real when it was causing my body to suffer.
Now that it'd all cleared up, I wondered if its effects had already stopped working.
But Susuhara said that it was spreading through my body.
The effects that would purge the ugly boil that I was from Lily... would soon arrive.
And before the week had ended, I saw it happen.
A few days after I was well enough to go back to school...
⑳Morning, Atsuta!⑳
⑳This ain't the time for hellos! Look at this!⑳
⑳The teachers are going to get mad at you for bringing a magazine to school, you know.⑳
⑳Huh? 'Riria Kurusu?' Is this an article about our Riria?⑳
⑳Flower High Member Riria Kurusu Caught Smoking At Night?!⑳
⑳The former Magical Lily, after a three-year hiatus from the peak of her popularity, made headlines with her stunning return as the newest member of Flower High, only to be caught in a major scandal!⑳
⑳The Pure Idol, Now A Delinquent Smoker?!⑳
⑳That can't be right. I didn't smell any smoke on Riria.⑳
⑳W-Wow, you can tell by the smell?⑳
⑳There's no way in hell Riria would smoke! It's lies! All lies!⑳
⑳Riria Kurusu's Stunning Wanderlust: Caught Smoking All Alone At Night In The Park!⑳
⑳Coming back into the limelight after a three-year hiatus must have been stressful, sure, but she's still a minor!⑳
⑳Even if she were an adult, it still would have been a shock to her fans that the Princess of Cleaningland smokes.⑳
⑳The girl in the photo's a dead ringer for Riria...⑳
⑳No she isn't! She must be someone who just happens to look like her!⑳
⑳...⑳
The photo appeared to have been taken with a zoom lens.
It showed Riria sitting all alone in the park late at night with what appeared to be a cigarette in her mouth.
She was in casual clothes, so she was a far cry from the glamorous girl onstage...
...but there was no doubt that it was Riria Kurusu herself.
⑳This is you, isn't it?⑳
⑳...⑳
Yes. The girl in the photo was unmistakably me.
Come to think of it, I'd heard a car speeding off into the night that day.
They must have been photographers or something.
There was no way they'd believe me about the de-aging medicine even if I explained it.
To an onlooker, all they saw was a cigarette.
⑳This is just...⑳
My lack of words was as good as a confession.
But it wasn't shock that rendered me speechless.
The mist still clouding my head made this all feel worlds away.
Because of that, I found the guidance counselor's interrogation tiresome.
Somewhat exasperated, I decided to readily admit I'd been smoking.
As a result, I was suspended from school.
But I didn't really care anyway.
School did nothing to help me sing and dance, much less earn Susuhara's recognition.
All that mattered was getting Lily's charm back.
School was pointless compared to that.
My mother gave me an earful back at home.
She was sharp. She knew I would never do this on my own. Thus, she demanded the name of the instigator from me.
I didn't care about the rest, but hearing Susuhara get badmouthed would've angered me.
So instead, I gave her some sob story about how I was too stressed. That I felt trapped. That all the cruel comments on the internet had hurt too badly.
For some reason, she apologized at the end, saying she must have driven me into a corner.
She also apologized for not recognizing my efforts, but I wasn't interested.
The only recognition I wanted was from Susuhara.
Even the bigwigs at the agency gave me a hard time.
They yelled at me for doing this at such a vital period for Flower High's future.
...Honestly, I didn't care about Flower High School anymore.
So long as I could get Magical Lily back, I would make it on my own.
After much uproar, I was sentenced to an indefinite suspension from idol work.
It seemed my name was promptly wiped from Flower High School's roster.
Perhaps the situation was a lot more serious than I thought.
But I couldn't bring myself to give a damn about any of it.
Back when I was Magical Lily, the agency had done nothing but cling to my shadow.
Besides, I didn't want their recognition. Just Susuhara's.
My body felt like lead that night.
My mother was crying in the living room.
But I just didn't care at all. It all felt so disconnected.
Just then... I got a visitor.
Susuhara had come to see me.
Normally, I would've been surprised that he'd come in without knocking, but that didn't matter.
⑳Susuhara...⑳
⑳The medicine is working beautifully...⑳
⑳What... do you... mean?⑳
⑳That ugly boil on you is falling off.⑳
Finally, then, I understood.
I was a boil. A pimple. A tumor. Pus.
That was why I—why Riria Kurusu—had to wither and be erased.
Yes. The medicine had taken effect, all right.
Because now... it was over for Riria Kurusu, wasn't it?
⑳Then I can become Lily... and earn your recognition.⑳
⑳That's right. I know everyone will love you again.⑳
⑳Once you go back to being that adorable little angel, that is...⑳
⑳I want to go back... and show you when I was at my cutest...⑳
⑳But... when will that day come?⑳
⑳Riria Kurusu has already wasted away by now...⑳
⑳So when will I get Lily's body back?⑳
⑳It won't be long now.⑳
⑳Can you feel the change?⑳
I didn't notice because it was so faint, but I did indeed feel my body changing.
My joints and blood vessels were throbbing...
⑳Soon, you will be a chrysalis.⑳
⑳A chrysalis...⑳
⑳And then you will be reborn anew as Lily...⑳
He was right. Though my body felt like it was melting on the inside, my skin felt dry and bulky.
So that was it. I was... becoming a chrysalis.
⑳Hmm?⑳
Susuhara sounded surprised.
I looked around and noticed that the room had gone dark at some point—and that there were multiple red lights shining there.
Those pinpricks in the darkness were all focused on their prey.
They had Susuhara surrounded. I couldn't even begin to count how many there were.
⑳Wh-What are these...⑳
Susuhara sounded panicked for the first time ever.
I got the impression something terrifying was happening, but the haze in my head prevented me from connecting to it.
The countless eyes shining in the darkness walked forward...
...revealing their true forms.
They were Japanese dolls.
The dolls shuffled and charged at Susuhara as though to devour him.
⑳GhgHHHGhhHH, st-sTOp... iT...⑳
Susuhara's voice sounded distorted again. Perhaps all death cries do...
He started screaming, and I heard what sounded like thick leather being torn to pieces.
The dolls were tearing off his skin.
Something repulsive that I couldn't possibly imagine were his innards squirmed in his place.
At that moment... I finally understood.
This thing wasn't Susuhara. Just something that'd been pretending to be him.
It must have taken advantage of my weakness and donned the form of my beloved Susuhara in order to approach me...
The dolls gnawed into the monster's bleeding flesh and entrails and dragged them out.
The fake Susuhara writhed as it changed into a pile of guts, which amassed before the dolls.
And when I saw that, I came to an epiphany.
That thing had tricked me.
You could never turn back the biological clock. I'd totally bought into its story and just did whatever it told me.
No... But then... did that mean I wouldn't get back my old body?
If so... then what was the point... of losing Riria Kurusu?
No. No. I was going to turn into a chrysalis.
And when I woke up, I'd be Lily again...
...
...
The room around me had changed before I even knew it.
It was white. White as angel feathers.
No... This wasn't my room.
Where was I?
My body felt funny. My skin was stiff and aching.
It hurt when I moved my arm. It was only natural. After all, there was a thick needle connected to a tube stuck into it.
An IV was dripping from the other end. So this was a hospital, then...
I felt something large lying next to my head.
When I turned to look, I was surprised to find a Japanese doll there.
It was a new, beautiful doll that'd been well-groomed.
It made sense. No wonder I had weird dreams with this thing in my bed.
⑳...⑳
⑳...!⑳
⑳I almost had a heart attack there.⑳
Kurokami had been standing next to my bed the whole time, watching me.
I was surprised, but the pain, fatigue, and disorientation I felt far outweighed that.
⑳Where... are we?⑳
⑳The hospital...⑳
Perhaps I should have been more surprised I was holding an intelligible conversation with Kurokami.
⑳This doll... Did you actually come to visit me?⑳
⑳Leave it there.⑳
⑳No thank you. I moved on from sleeping with dolls long ago.⑳
⑳Owwwww...⑳
I tried to push the doll away, but even the slightest movement filled me with sharp pain.
It seemed it'd be easiest on me if I just lay there and did nothing, like that doll.
⑳Why am I in the hospital...?⑳
⑳Because you're going to die.⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
⑳I warned you. I told you he was corrupted. To stay away from him.⑳
⑳Then maybe you'd better stay away from me, too.⑳
⑳After all, I'm corrupted, apparently.⑳
⑳Why... are you corrupted?⑳
⑳No idea. But that's what Kurokami said when I saw her earlier.⑳
⑳She told me not to approach her again because I was corrupted. Said I would bring misfortune.⑳
⑳I don't understand.⑳
⑳Why should I stay away from Susuhara?⑳
⑳He's smeared in soot.⑳
⑳...I'm sorry, what?⑳
⑳The curse seeks soot. So it deceives us.⑳
⑳First you start by talking nonsense, and now you're sticking your nose where it doesn't belong.⑳
⑳Say whatever you'd like about me, but please don't speak ill of Susuhara.⑳
⑳...That's the curse.⑳
⑳What?⑳
⑳We're attracted to his soot.⑳
⑳You must have found yourself attracted to him for reasons you couldn't comprehend.⑳
What was she going on about?
My body hurt, my mind was a daze, and I could barely move...
...yet she had the gall to put that creepy doll next to me and start spouting nonsense? What was wrong with her?
⑳I do not understand what you're saying, but I'm getting exhausted just talking to you.⑳
⑳Could you call for someone? I'm thirsty.⑳
⑳...Your mother is right outside. I'm sure she'd be happy to drop in.⑳
⑳Also, please take that creepy doll with you.⑳
Intense pain accompanied my attempt to move.
It felt like my whole body was shattering apart.
But I didn't want to see this creepy thing a second longer, so I fought hard to pick it up.
However, the pain was so great that I ended up dropping it on the floor.
And at that precise moment, I blacked out.
...
...
⑳I'll take it if you don't need it.⑳
⑳But that will merely mark the end of your lifespan.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...What?⑳
Before I knew it, the doll I'd dropped to the floor was being pressed into my chest.
It seemed that I'd only been unconscious for as long as the doll had been away from me.
But my condition was clearly worse than before.
The sense of swelling in my abdomen I'd managed to ignore earlier was now overwhelming me.
⑳No way...⑳
⑳...⑳
I couldn't even stay conscious without having this creepy doll at my side?
...Oh, right. I was becoming a chrysalis.
That had to be why I was feeling so terrible. But that also meant I'd soon be reborn...
...
But there was a part of me exasperated by my lingering belief in that notion.
Was I becoming a chrysalis to get Lily back?
Or had I merely been deceived by the monster disguised as Susuhara?
I couldn't tell anymore.
So...
...all I could do was believe in the more hopeful possibility.
⑳...I won't die.⑳
⑳No—if I do die, all that means is Riria Kurusu will vanish.⑳
⑳Soon I'll break out of this shell and be reborn as Lily.⑳
⑳...⑳
Kurokami probably didn't understand a word I said.
I couldn't blame her. I was just mumbling nonsense.
⑳What are you doing here, anyway?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I came to check on you when I heard you'd come down with a strange illness and didn't have much time left.⑳
⑳A strange illness? Well, I suppose that's not inaccurate...⑳
⑳But I was too late.⑳
⑳There's no longer... anything I can do for you.⑳
⑳Mind your own business. *pant* *pant*⑳
The sense of swelling in my abdomen grew stronger and stronger, and it was so hard to breathe that I broke out into a cold sweat.
It must have been because I dropped that doll earlier.
⑳You're going to die.⑳
⑳Good to know. *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳But perhaps that is fate... as well as liberation.⑳
⑳I have no clue what you're talking about.⑳
⑳Farewell, daughter of Nunokawa.⑳
⑳...I envy you the privilege of dying.⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳Could you... get my mother? *pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳...⑳
Right after Kurokami left the room, my mother came tearfully rushing in.
It seemed she'd been told I was in critical condition and might not wake up again.
She was elated with belief that I was on the road to recovery, but I knew her joy would be short-lived.
It was my body. I knew it best.
Just as Kurokami had said, I wouldn't last much longer.
It was only thanks to the grace or whatever of that creepy doll that I was staying conscious.
And besides...
...while the doll had arrived looking like it was fresh off the shelf...
...its hair was now frizzing, and its kimono was tearing... like it'd stood the test of time.
I could barely breathe, but my mind was clear, so I quickly said what I had to.
I didn't have a moment to spare.
⑳Mom, thank you for everything. Tell Dad the same.⑳
⑳I'm probably going to die soon. I don't have much time left.⑳
⑳So there's someone I need to spend it with. Please, call for him.⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
News of Nunokawa's mysterious illness and critical condition reached the LCSC.
I hadn't spoken to her all that much.
But she'd given me a ticket to her debut concert, and though we hadn't known each other long, she seemed to enjoy my company.
So I wanted to go visit her in the hospital, but they weren't allowing any visitors.
...It was then that I got the call.
Nunokawa was at death's door, and she wanted to see me before the end...
This may sound unfair to her, but I honestly had no idea why she'd ask for me.
Normally, you'd want to spend your final moments with the people you cared for most.
Like close friends, or family.
So I didn't have a clue why I took priority above all of them...
...
...
⑳...And that's my story.⑳
⑳...⑳
I didn't know what to say.
Who in the world was the ⑳me⑳ she kept meeting night after night?
I hadn't even seen her once since the day of the concert.
I'd gone looking for her group's booth to say hi to her, but in the end, neither Natsu nor I could find it.
I hadn't spoken to her since the day she gave me the ticket at the shrine.
But I didn't know if I should tell her that.
Because I wanted to believe her.
However, she was probably in critical condition because of that thing that'd posed as me.
So all I could do was hang my head, dumbfounded.
⑳I know none of this makes any sense to you. It must sound crazy.⑳
⑳But... even if it's crazy...⑳
⑳...I wanted... to tell you... about it.⑳
⑳I don't even know... why it is... that I couldn't get you out of my head.⑳
⑳Why... was I... so attracted to you...?⑳
I couldn't tell her. It was a mystery to us both.
Why was it she took such a liking to me?
⑳We're attracted to his soot.⑳
That was what Kurokami had said.
According to Nunokawa, she also said this:
⑳The curse seeks soot. So it deceives us.⑳
⑳...That's the curse.⑳
⑳I'm... cursed?⑳
⑳That's basically what she said, wasn't it? Seriously, how rude.⑳
I didn't recall getting cursed.
But I remembered what Kurokami had told me at the shrine.
⑳You're corrupted...⑳
Just who was Toé Kurokami, and what did she know?
...And why was it she weighed so heavily on my mind?
My feelings for her sounded a lot like Riria's for me.
An attraction without any solid basis.
Was that the curse?
⑳I'm sorry... for calling you out of the blue... and telling you this insane story...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Is there anything I can do?⑳
⑳Yes. That's why I called for you.⑳
⑳If I really do turn young again...⑳
⑳...I want you... to see what I look like.⑳
⑳I'm a chrysalis. I can tell I'm going to hatch soon.⑳
⑳And you want me to see that through, right?⑳
⑳Yes...⑳
⑳And... if you find that you love the old me...⑳
⑳...could you please... say you accept me?⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant* Sh-She's coming... I can feel it...⑳
⑳Ughhhhhhhhh, ghhhh, ghh...⑳
⑳A-Are you okay? I'll go call for—⑳
⑳N-No, don't... I just want you to watch...⑳
⑳Plea...se...⑳
⑳Pull back... the covers... and look... at my body...⑳
Pulling back a girl's covers felt the same as taking off her clothes, so I was a bit reluctant.
But I fulfilled her wish.
⑳...!⑳
I gasped.
Her body... was so...
...
⑳...You're pretty.⑳
⑳You're lying. I'm a chrysalis right now... so I must look disgusting.⑳
Indeed, she looked just like a chrysalis. An insect's pupa.
Was what she dreamed of truly lying inside there?
Hoping for that just seemed so...
Keeping my thoughts from showing on my face was harder than anything else.
She believed her most beautiful self was resting inside her.
But... it was just too difficult to imagine what her ideal was... when it was already difficult enough as it was to look at ⑳that.⑳
Despite that, I lied.
⑳You're not disgusting.⑳
⑳Your body is so beautiful.⑳
⑳Thank you... Susuhara...⑳
⑳Nghh, khh...!⑳
Just then, ⑳it⑳ shook, and she started moaning in agony.
I heard what sounded like wood cracking.
It was the sound of the head of the doll snapping off.
And then, as if that were the signal...
...the time finally came.
⑳Susuhara... please... watch...!⑳
⑳And... if I'm cute... if I'm stunning... please... tell me...⑳
⑳I want to hear that... as... Riria Kurusu...⑳
⑳Ugh, aghhhh, ghhh, aaaaaaghhhhh!⑳
A muddy muck like pitch-black blood—like amniotic fluid—spewed out of the tear in her stomach and scattered everywhere.
It gushed out of her like a geyser, staining the sheets, walls, and ceiling with its filth.
It sprayed on me, too. But I couldn't turn away.
⑳Ghaaaaaaaaaghhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
⑳Susuhara... am I... being reborn... as my... beautiful self?! Ghaaaaaaghhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
⑳Y-Yeah! You're... beauti...ful...⑳
⑳Ha ha, ha ha ha... I did it...⑳
⑳Susuhara... finally accepted me...⑳
⑳Ha ha ha, aha ha ha ha ha ha ha... Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
A moment later, a misshapen lump of flesh burst forth.
An orange light scattered along with the black muck.
I found that sight... utterly beautiful.
The black muck blanketing the walls caught fire the second the sparks hit it.
That went for me, too.
Amidst the world wreathed in crimson flames... I saw it.
Something like black soot spurted from her corpse and formed into the shape of a human.
It was a child with horns like withered branches growing out of her head.
It looked like something imitating the body -she- had wished for.
Wreathed in crimson flames and clad in the cursed black soot...
...was the avatar of the curse, looking up to the ceiling and celebrating its birth.
It treaded all over the disfigured corpse that was once Riria.
(Did you... kill... Riria?)
There was no way I could hold a conversation with something inhuman.
But my thoughts must have gotten through to it.
Because it looked right at me...
...and curved its lips into a smirk.
I readied my fist.
It was the only dedication I could offer before God.
When it saw that, the thing stared with confusion for a moment before throwing its head back in laughter.
It was pointless. You couldn't strike the moon by hitting its reflection.
There was no way you could punch something inhuman in human guise.
But I couldn't help but try.
I wanted Riria's soul to rest as peacefully as possible.
The thing sneered as though it'd read my thoughts.
It shot me a pitying, mocking look.
Almost as if it were blaming me for this.
Had it killed her?
Or did I really bear some curse that brought misfortune to those I approached?
Only this thing knew the answer.
No... Perhaps the other one knew, too—
Kizuatohime: Scar Princess
Though the school was quiet on Sunday, the LCSC's clubroom was abuzz with chatter.
The piles of goods for the rummage sale had leaked out into the hallway.
Today, we were sorting and polishing the merchandise.
⑳You gotta make them look real good or they'll never sell!⑳
⑳Everyone knows they're used goods.⑳
⑳A little dusty is par for the course. But we still gotta make 'em squeaky clean!⑳
⑳Did someone say squeaky clean? Just leave it to me! With my cleaning magic, I'm gonna make them squeaky clean!⑳
⑳Woooohooooooooooo! I got to hear Lily's 'squeaky clean' live! Greaaaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
⑳Hey Riria? Maybe you should put the Lily stuff on hold for now. I think it might be more than Natsu can handle.⑳
⑳Okay, Susuhara! I won't act like Lily for anyone except you anymore!⑳
⑳Noooooooooooooo! It can't be! Ungreaaaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
⑳Hey boys, mind helping with some manual labor? I need someone to move the piles in the hallway.⑳
⑳We can handle that. Let's go, Natsu.⑳
⑳Suzumun's a lot tougher than he looks, huh?⑳
⑳It's because he trains in the garden every day. Like, 'wham wham' and stuff.⑳
⑳Really? That sounds so cool! What kind of training is it?⑳
⑳He dresses up in a dojo uniform and hits a tree wrapped up in a bunch of straw, like punch, punch!⑳
⑳Wow, Susuhara in a dojo uniform? I would certainly like to see that!⑳
⑳You gotta thing for Suzumun now, Lilian?⑳
⑳What?! No, of course not!⑳
⑳Y'know, come to think of it, you've been showing up a lot more since Suzumun joined.⑳
⑳What happened to being too busy with idol practice?⑳
⑳Gaaah, w-w-well, I, uh...⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha, you're so easy to read.⑳
⑳Look who's calling the kettle black. You've been coming here more often too, haven't you, Kiki?⑳
⑳Ghh!⑳
⑳You're an easy read too, Harumiya...⑳
⑳Yeah, I know. Suzumun's got both cuteness and coolness on his side. And he's super reliable, to boot!⑳
⑳Who wouldn't want a piece of him for themselves?⑳
⑳I know what you mean. There's something about Susuhara other boys don't have.⑳
⑳Aha ha. Maybe it stands out more because he's next to someone as wild and crazy as Atsuta.⑳
⑳Those two are like fire and ice. Though I think I prefer the ice in this case.⑳
We all chuckled.
Riria and Minobe both nodded when I said Atsuta was still cute in his own way.
⑳But you sure you can talk about this? I thought Flower High or whatever said romance was a big no-no.⑳
⑳I'm not in love with him. I just respect him and hold him dear.⑳
⑳And what about you, Kiki? You two are related, aren't you?⑳
⑳Pretty sure marrying your cousin is frowned upon just about everywhere.⑳
⑳It's not like we're first cousins, so marriage is no hay problema-lema!⑳
⑳Er, but it's not like I'm interested in him that way!⑳
⑳Oh, so that's how it is? Then I guess it's all good.⑳
⑳I'm not all that interested in guys myself, but Suzumun's an exception.⑳
⑳Since it sounds like you two aren't interested, I think I'll just call dibs!⑳
⑳Oh, dear me! The vase I was cleaning just slipped right out of my hand!⑳
⑳Oops, I tripped and elbowed you in the solar plexus!⑳
The LCSC had gotten a lot livelier since Suzumu joined.
It seemed the others were aware of just how big of an impact he had on us all.
Most boys our age were some form of pathetic, irritating, or just plain out of touch with their emotions.
I was just as interested in romance as any other girl my age, but I'd hardly ever met anyone as cool and dignified as Suzumu.
We all had our types, but one thing was for sure: Suzumu got top scores among all of us in the LCSC.
Of course, we didn't let our chatting get in the way of work. We were good at double-tasking.
We met up with Suzumu and Atsuta, and by the time evening approached, we had finished sorting out and cleaning the rummage sale goods without a hitch.
⑳We're done! Good work, guys!⑳
⑳The rummage sale will be next week.⑳
⑳They shoulda just let us show up at the rummage sale. Why do we gotta do all that other stuff, too?⑳
⑳Because we're the Local Community Service Club, perhaps?⑳
⑳Either way, I'm really excited for the sleepover.⑳
⑳Well, in my case, my place is actually way closer to the event.⑳
⑳Aha ha, that's right. Your home's practically right in the middle of it.⑳
The Iwaimoto Shopping District Association would be sponsoring an event next week called the ⑳Iwaimoto Happy Fun Carnival.⑳
The LCSC would be in charge of its rummage sale.
Any earnings would be going to charities, of course, but apparently that wasn't enough community service for us.
So we were also supposed to get up early to stand around and prevent illegal bike parking during the shopping district's parade.
⑳Mayuhin, why'd you even accept the job?⑳
⑳Shaddup! Do community service→Wow, the LCSC is amazing!→So who's their advisor?→I get showered with love!⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata sure has some great priorities, huh...⑳
⑳At least she's honest. I could learn a thing or two from her... Aha ha ha...⑳
⑳I don't think it's wrong to expect some praise out of community service.⑳
⑳Rightamundo. Better to do it for yourself than not do it at all.⑳
⑳It's hard for people to find motivation unless they expect some level of praise for their work.⑳
⑳Nunokawa, make sure you wear a mask when you help us set up for the rummage sale, okay?⑳
⑳Right, she's an idol. She can't be seen doing this sort of work, huh?⑳
⑳Any assholes who try stalking Magical Lily offstage are gonna get a taste of my Great Knuckle!⑳
⑳But don't you need to tribute three monsters to summon Great Knuckle to the field?⑳
⑳That's right, Susuhara! You catch on quick! You really are a great man!⑳
⑳Now now. Nobody's using any Great or Not-So-Great Knuckles on any would-be hooligans.⑳
There had been many cases of Susuda Station commuters illegally parking their bikes in the old shopping district just next door.
It had become such a problem that the administration finally ran out of patience and designated the shopping district a crackdown zone for illegal bike parking.
But the lawbreakers weren't gonna let that stop them. They simply left the old shopping district and turned their sights on the nearby Iwaimoto Shopping District instead.
Unattended bikes would get in the way of the parade through the shopping district.
So they asked for us to get up early and patrol the sidewalk, to ensure that the streets could stay clean for at least the day of the parade.
Of course, this would be a joint job with the shopping district association... Though they were originally supposed to do it themselves.
As for why Ms. Hinagata accepted a job like that in the first place...
⑳So to prepare for the job, we'll have a sleepover the night before and have some good old-fashioned club bonding time!⑳
...She really just wanted to have a sleepover now that we had two new members to liven up the place.
But there was no way the school would allow one without good reason.
So she volunteered for an early morning security job to give her the justification she needed.
Long story short, this was 120⑲ the result of Ms. Hinagata's selfishness.
⑳What should we make for dinner that night?⑳
⑳In the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom, the traditional sleepover meal is curry!⑳
⑳Ooh, I like it! Seeing some good curry bubbling in the pot is a great way to make you really, really happy!⑳
⑳Hmm... I don't know...⑳
⑳We've finally got boys around, right? So isn't this the time we should be showing off our cooking skills?⑳
⑳You don't think curry's feminine? Not even if we make the roux?⑳
⑳I still don't think it's enough.⑳
⑳Then what're you gonna make, Lilian?⑳
⑳I'm not sure whether to go Western or Japanese style. With Japanese food, I'd make something classy and boiled, but if we go Western, I can make a solid hamburger steak.⑳
⑳Wow... You're sounding more and more wifely by the second...⑳
⑳Boys definitely tend to prefer a lady who's skilled around the house over one that only looks pretty. Right on, Lilian!⑳
⑳Well, I didn't take that cooking class in elementary school for nothing.⑳
⑳Sweet, then Lilian can do the cooking, and I'll set the table.⑳
⑳I don't mind, but you do realize that means I'll be getting all the glory, right?⑳
⑳I certainly won't be complaining about an opportunity to get in Susuhara's good graces.⑳
⑳Denied. Any plan where I don't get to show off too is getting a hard presidential pass.⑳
For dinner the night of the sleepover, we'd be using the home economics classroom.
For us girls, this was the perfect chance to show off our feminine charms.
The LCSC was having a meeting at a fast food joint in the shopping district to decide what to cook.
⑳I know. Why don't we ask the boys what they'd like?⑳
⑳Psh, not like they're gonna suggest anything that'll take real effort.⑳
⑳Suzumu, what do you like to eat?⑳
⑳Anything's fine with me.⑳
⑳And there it is. The line that makes girls weep the world over.⑳
⑳Is there anything you don't like?⑳
⑳No. I'm grateful for whatever I get to eat.⑳
⑳So that means you're good with celery and green peppers?⑳
⑳Yeah.⑳
⑳That's the great Susuhara for you! He's not picky at all!⑳
⑳Hold it right there! Your attack has triggered my trap card, Great Typhoon!⑳
⑳Oh man, you got me. You're so good, Natsu.⑳
⑳C'mon guys. Quit playing that card game.⑳
⑳We don't have anything to go off of if you're fine with whatever...⑳
⑳I believe this calls for a different approach.⑳
⑳Say, Susuhara? Just hypothetically speaking, what type of woman would you want to marry?⑳
Sh-She's really gonna drop that landmine on him now?!
⑳I-I want a passionate woman, who's just as passionate as me!⑳
⑳That sounds just like you, Big Bro! But just so you know, passion can be a bit overwhelming for little old me!⑳
⑳Noooooooooooooo! Ungreaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
⑳What kinda girl does Suzumun want for his own...?⑳
⑳*gulp*⑳
⑳Hmm...⑳
⑳I think I'd just like someone who's normal.⑳
⑳No matter who it is, though, if I'm planning on spending the rest of my life with them, they'll be wonderful no matter what.⑳
⑳May I take 'normal girl' to mean a domestic, girl-next-door type?⑳
⑳Hmm... I guess so?⑳
⑳So Suzumu prefers domestic girls...⑳
⑳In that case, he's gotta like real at-homesy meals like meat and potato stew, grilled salmon, and all that jazz, right?⑳
⑳I see. I've got a good idea of what he likes now.⑳
⑳Say, girls. Why don't we make a contest out of this?⑳
⑳A-A contest?⑳
⑳Wait... You're going to suggest we all make our own dishes, aren't you?⑳
⑳Yes. We'll determine which of our dishes Susuhara likes the best.⑳
⑳And what does the winner get?⑳
⑳What would you say to a date on the roof all alone with Susuhara, right under the stars?⑳
⑳Wh-Whoa! You're real, real bold, Riria! Even I'm blushing...⑳
⑳Hold the phone. Again, I thought romance was a big no-no for Flower High members.⑳
⑳It's not love, it's just affection!⑳
⑳Besides, there are some things you can only talk about when you're all alone...⑳
⑳I'd like Susuhara to coach me on how I can still be a hit, even as Riria Kurusu.⑳
⑳All alone? Damn, you got spunk.⑳
⑳You don't wait for things to happen. You make them happen.⑳
She was a real go-getter. That was a star for you...
⑳But if it's too much trouble, the two of you could just sit this one out.⑳
⑳Them's fighting words. The Arkanae Minobe Kingdom doesn't know the meaning of 'surrender!'⑳
⑳Kinda hard to surrender when you haven't even tried to fight...⑳
⑳Splendid. Now, just for reference, what is one of your best dishes, Minobe?⑳
⑳I can tell when my cup ramen's ready without even looking at a clock!⑳
⑳I see, so you don't intend to reveal your true skills until the day of the match, do you?⑳
⑳No, I think she's serious...⑳
⑳What about you, Harumiya? Are you in? Or out?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳You see, I'm actually a bit jealous of you.⑳
⑳You get to call Susuhara by his first name simply because you're related.⑳
⑳I know better now, but yeah, I thought you guys were dating at first.⑳
⑳Well, it's just, we're related, but we're not like, super close, so I was just trying to be friendly... I guess?⑳
⑳Now that's just cheating. All right, if you abstain from the contest...⑳
⑳...you will be banned from calling Susuhara by his first name from now onwards.⑳
⑳Wh-Whaaaaaaat?!⑳
⑳C'mon Kiki, join in. I'm doing it, too.⑳
⑳'Sides, didn't you say you were training for marriage?⑳
⑳Y-Yeah. I'm practicing so I can be a wonderful wife...⑳
⑳Oh? Then there is no reason for you to bow out, is there?⑳
⑳Please join in, Harumiya. Your right to call Susuhara by his first name is on the line, you know.⑳
⑳Y-Y-Y-Y-Y...⑳
⑳You're on! I a-accept!⑳
⑳Okay boys. Pause your game and give us a minute.⑳
⑳We've decided that we'll be putting together a mystery menu for the night of the sleepover!⑳
⑳Whoa! What are you guys planning?!⑳
⑳It's a mystery, so I guess we'll have to wait and find out.⑳
⑳Precisely. The three of us will be in charge of cooking the main dishes.⑳
⑳You boys will be in charge of the rice and miso soup.⑳
⑳Leave it to me! That'll be a piece of cake!⑳
⑳I wish I could have made a side dish...⑳
⑳Don't worry. You'll be determining the quality of the dishes, Susuhara. It's a very important job.⑳
⑳Awright girls, let's settle this fair and square!⑳
⑳The Arkanae Minobe Kingdom's cooking's gonna rock your world!⑳
⑳I won't be holding back, either. Let there be no hard feelings.⑳
⑳A-Aaaaaaah... I-I'm not gonna lose!⑳
Suzumu and Atsuta left together to visit some toy store.
I trudged my way back alone.
⑳Things are getting serious...⑳
I mean, yeah, I really was training to be a wife. I was learning by helping my mom around the house.
But nearly all girls my age were already doing as much...
⑳How am I gonna pull this off? I'm such a bad cook...⑳
Riria said she'd taken cooking classes, so her dish would probably be pretty decent...
And while Minobe may have looked lazy, she was clever. So perhaps her food would turn out good, too...
⑳Now Suzumu's gonna find out... I'm the least feminine of the bunch...⑳
⑳But if I don't do this, then I can't call Suzumu by his first name anymore... I don't want that at all...⑳
That aside, Riria sure was aggressive.
She kept swearing she just cared deeply for him—that it wasn't love or whatever.
But she was passionate enough to go for the guy she liked head-on. I was surprised.
⑳I'm older than her, but it's like Riria's years ahead of me...⑳
And then there was Minobe.
She was pretty bold herself, claiming she'd consider going out with Suzumu if we didn't make a move.
I guessed that meant we all had a thing for Suzumu...
⑳Not like I can blame them... Suzumu really is dashing.⑳
⑳It's no wonder they'd fall for a guy like him.⑳
Maybe I was arrogant for believing that only I understood his appeal.
Suddenly having two new contenders in my quest for love was enough to make it feel like the sky was falling.
So...
Did that really mean... I liked... Suzumu?
⑳...⑳
I'd believed that Suzumu wasn't Minobe or Riria's type, and that only I understood what a catch he was.
So I hadn't needed to be honest with myself or come to terms with my feelings.
But earlier today, I'd been handed an epiphany:
I wanted to keep calling Suzumu by his name.
And I wanted to be the only one who did...
⑳So this really...⑳
⑳...is love, isn't it?⑳
I'd vowed to reinvent myself in high school to achieve my childhood dream of becoming the perfect wife.
And that dream needed a wonderful husband to be complete.
I'd been so obsessed with my own dream that I hadn't actually imagined what sort of man he would be.
But if I had to ask myself...
⑳If he were someone like Suzumu, we'd be the perfect, peaceful family.⑳
Suzumu, kicking back and reading the newspaper.
Me in the kitchen, chopping up meat and vegetables with a pot bubbling on the stove.
⑳Honey, dinner's ready! Clear the table!⑳
...
⑳Aaaaah...⑳
I didn't need a mirror to notice I was red as a beet.
That dream was my ideal family. My ideal future.
Me as the ideal wife, with my ideal husband.
And finally, after all these years, I had a clear vision of my future husband's face.
Facing it head-on would be embarrassing, but I had to take a page from Riria's book and stay brave.
⑳All right, I'll do it!⑳
⑳I'll show off just how feminine I can really, really be and take Suzumu's heart away!⑳
⑳But... I...⑳
⑳I... can't cook to save my life...⑳
I only started helping out with chores in high school.
As for what I was doing before that—
⑳I said, jump!⑳
⑳B-But I mean it... I really don't have any money...⑳
⑳Does it look like I give a crap? Just jump already!⑳
I saw some middle school delinquents shaking down a grade school kid behind the park's bathroom.
(Grade school kids these days carry cash, huh. Times sure have changed.)
But man, this was so cringy. Really drove home that Susuda was out in the sticks.
⑳Come on, boys. Stop it, you're embarrassing yourselves.⑳
They pretended not to hear me.
Well, boys can be pretty stupid. They tend to get so into whatever it is they're doing that they can't hear anyone around them.
If I were some dainty girl, the right move would be to ignore this and move along.
But I couldn't let a poor little grade schooler suffer.
⑳Just cough up everything in your pockets! Cough 'em up!⑳
⑳Owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!⑳
I pulled the leader up by his ear. He'd have to be a real idiot to keep ignoring me at that point.
⑳The hell are you doing, bitch?!⑳
⑳Why don't you try picking on someone your own size, huh?⑳
⑳Now's your chance, kid. Get outta here.⑳
The little boy looked back and forth between me and the bullies, then made a break for it.
⑳Poor kid. He might not come to play by himself ever again.⑳
⑳The hell are you?! Don't think we'll go easy on you just 'cause you're a chick!⑳
⑳Someone needs to teach you manners. Can't you see my uniform?⑳
⑳I'm older than you. Is this how you treat your elders?⑳
⑳So what?! Think that makes you hot shit?!⑳
⑳Trying to be a superhero or something? You got balls!⑳
⑳Seriously, cut the whole shakedown act. It's super lame.⑳
⑳You might think you're pretty cool, but you're just gonna catch the eyes of the wrong folks, lemme tell you.⑳
Though most delinquents were basically just pretending to be gangsters, they'd jump at an opportunity to fight for the right cause.
If they heard some punks were causing trouble on their turf, they'd gladly call themselves ⑳delinquent hunters⑳ and pick a fight with this crew.
⑳That ain't gonna happen to us!⑳
⑳My big sis is part of the Bloodstained Angels' attack squad, y'know?!⑳
Bloodstained Angels... Man, what an edgy name.
They were a group of delinquent girls who held Susuda under their thumb.
⑳You go to Susu High, right?! Well, there's a ton of Bloodstained Angels there, too!⑳
⑳You keep stickin' your nose where it don't belong, you're the one they're gonna go after!⑳
The delinquents started seriously infringing on my personal space. Apparently, they thought I was trembling in fear.
⑳C'mon babe, how 'bout you let us get to know you better?⑳
⑳Hey, why don't you treat us to karaoke?⑳
⑳You're real cute, you know that? Got a boyfriend?⑳
⑳You must be dyin' for attention if you're still wearing ribbons in high school. You after a guy or what?⑳
They put their hands on my shoulders and touched my arms.
I knew I would regret what would come next. I wish I'd stopped myself.
But it was too late.
⑳Huh? Hey, whatcha lookin' down for, babe? You piss yourself?⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
A moment later, the delinquents found themselves lying flat on the ground.
Tsubakiko had slammed her elbows and knees into their vitals with lightning speed, one after the next.
⑳You shoulda shut those traps when ya had the chance...⑳
⑳Don't get full of yerselves, ya fuckin' brats!⑳
⑳Ya want some, you little asswipes?! Ya wanna get fuckin' slaughtered, punks?!⑳
⑳Agh! Gwaaaghhh!⑳
⑳*cough* *cough* The fuck?! What's up with this bitch?!⑳
⑳Huh? Who ya callin' a bitch? That any way to speak to yer elders? Huh?⑳
⑳I'm gonna slaughter you, you little shit!⑳
⑳S-Sis! Save me!⑳
⑳Seriously? The fuck is this shit? So pathetic...⑳
Several delinquent girls in tracksuits showed up.
It seemed they were members of the Bloodstained Angels the boys had been talking about.
⑳Th-This Susu High chick thinks she's hot shit!⑳
⑳So you're the one who kicked my little bro's ass. What class you in?⑳
⑳I'll slaughter you too, bitch.⑳
⑳What...?!⑳
⑳That's my big sis! She's one of the highest-ranked Bloodstained Angels! You're in for a world of hurt if you piss her off, y'know?!⑳
⑳Go on! Piss yourself! Beg for her mercy! And when you're done, you can pay for karaoke!⑳
⑳I-Is that you... Bakiko...?⑳
⑳The hell're you?⑳
⑳I-I'm so sorry! I-I couldn't tell it was you with that cute getup!⑳
⑳The fuck? Ya sayin' it don't look good on me? I'll waste ya.⑳
⑳N-N-N-Not at all! You're real cute! It looks great on you! Right?!⑳
⑳Ugh, uh... Y-Y-Yeah, it sure does...⑳
⑳So which one of you goddamn brats said I was just begging for attention?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Ya wanna get fuckin' slaughtered, you bastards?!⑳
The delinquents had no idea what was happening, but they seemed to understand Tsubakiko wasn't someone to be messed with.
They all bowed to her while begging for forgiveness.
Tsubakiko shrugged at the sight, her face warping from bloodlust to disappointment.
She turned around with an annoyed frown and left.
⑳Sis, who the hell was that?⑳
⑳That was Bakiko! The first leader of the Bloodstained Angels' attack squad!⑳
⑳Wait, you mean Bakiko the Slaughterer?! -That- was her?! Seriously?!⑳
⑳I don't know what kinda shit you boys pulled...⑳
⑳But you better be grateful she didn't paint the park with your blood.⑳
⑳E-Eeeeeeeeeeeek!⑳
⑳I did it... again...⑳
(Nooooooooooooo...)
(Aaaaaaaaaaah! I went berserk again! I hate, hate, hate myself! Waaaaaaah!)
I, Tsubakiko Harumiya... had a secret no one else could ever know.
In my room lay many trophies of the edgiest years of my life.
A gang flag labeled ⑳Bloodstained Angels⑳ hung up on my wall, embroidered in gold.
A gang leader jacket with the name ⑳First Attack Squad Leader — Tsubakiko Harumiya⑳ monogrammed right onto it.
My trusty ⑳partners⑳ from those days, leaning against the wall.
Warped metal bats with splatters of lacquer on them to make them look ⑳bloodstained.⑳
A chain borrowed from a broken bike. It always hurt my hands, so I never used it as a weapon.
A wooden sword I'd bought on a middle school field trip. Used that one to teach countless misbehaving underclassmen a lesson.
All of them were precious memories of my innocent youth...
⑳No they're not, dammit!⑳
⑳Come back! Come back to me, my innocent girlhood! Waaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳R-Right, at times like this, some cute, girly music does real, real wonders for an image change!⑳
I turned on the stereo, but the headphone jack must've been unplugged, because loud music started blaring.
⑳Slaughter, slaughter, slaughter, slaughter! Smash that shithead teacher's head in and roaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar!⑳
⑳Don't tell me what to do! I ain't playing to your bell! I don't take orders from you! Now burn in hellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll!⑳
⑳Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!⑳
I frantically switched the power off, silencing the heavy metal CD I'd been listening to last night.
The band's poster hung on the wall nearby.
Thanks to them, I had a whole gallery displaying my messed-up hobbies, from the skull with a pentagram on it to a creepy demon mask...
⑳Something girly! Where's something girly?! Waaaaaaaaaah!⑳
Up until now, I had never felt anything odd about the room I'd lived in for so long.
But... this wouldn't do.
⑳If Suzumu ever saw this room... I'd literally just die!⑳
⑳Then I'll just have to clear it all up! Please, please grant me cleaning magic!⑳
Up through middle school, I had been living a completely different life.
When I was in grade school, my hatred of boys ran rampant, and thanks to some bad influences in middle school, I became even worse...
⑳Boy, am I grateful my parents let it all slide back then...⑳
⑳*sigh*⑳
My change was triggered when I heard Suzumu would be moving here.
The two of us played together when we were little, so the topic brought back vivid memories of my life before I strayed off the path.
At that moment, I realized I couldn't live with the person I'd become.
So I decided to turn over a new leaf once I entered high school.
I cut ties with all that stuff, made a fresh start as an innocent young lady, and strove for my childhood dream to become the perfect wife once more...
⑳I should have gotten rid of everything in here back then.⑳
⑳But I can't just throw it away. No matter how embarrassing they are, they're all precious, precious memories of my older days!⑳
⑳...God, I don't have a single feminine bone in my body!⑳
It had been a year since I'd started training to be a wife (a.k.a. helping out with chores).
If they were teaching femininity in school, then I'd just be finishing first grade.
It took me until high school to start learning the things most girls learned in grade school at the earliest and middle school at the latest...
⑳There's no doubt about it. I'm about as ladylike... as a pig in the mud.⑳
Yet I'm supposed to participate in a cooking contest?
Against jack-of-all-trades Minobe and Miss Perfect Riria, at that?
And I had to stop calling Suzumu by his name if I lost?
Did that mean I'd lose Suzumu to one of them, too?
⑳Aha, ha ha ha ha ha ha...I'm dreaming, right? Yes, this has to be a dream, a dream!⑳
⑳I'll just sleep and wake up to find out none of this was real, won't I? Aha ha ha ha ha...⑳
I flopped onto the bed and closed my eyes.
I should have been laughing at how silly it was, yet tears streamed down my cheeks.
Suzumu was practicing in the backyard again.
He would concentrate, practice his form, clear his mind, then punch the tree aplenty.
That was his routine every single day.
I found it odd at first, but my family and I had grown used to it by this point.
⑳Hey Suzumu... Are you free to talk right now?⑳
⑳What is it?⑳
Suzumu lowered his hips and held the pose.
It didn't look like much at first, but I could only imagine it took a lot of muscle strength to hold it that long.
It wasn't something he was born able to do.
It must have become second-nature to him after years and years of training.
⑳How long have you been practicing that Divine Tribute Style thing?⑳
⑳For as long as I can remember, I think.⑳
⑳You mean even before grade school?⑳
⑳Yeah.⑳
⑳Oh, but my training was always geared toward my age, of course.⑳
⑳I see. So you really didn't just get strong in a day.⑳
The same could be said for cooking or being a lady.
Any kind of skill takes constant effort. There are no shortcuts in this world.
I tried acting like a dainty flower on the surface...
But on the inside... I was still the same rabid beast.
⑳*sigh*⑳
⑳Is something wrong?⑳
⑳...Hey, remember that stuff you said about normal girls?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳You know, the kind of girl you said you'd want to marry.⑳
A normal girl.
Most people would probably take those words at face value.
But those words weighed heavily on me, having only started living a normal life a year ago.
For me, a normal girl was defined by the number of years she lived an ordinary life.
As such, I didn't even qualify as one.
⑳Can you hear me out for a minute?⑳
⑳Okay.⑳
⑳Let's say a girl—a girl who wasn't normal, who didn't match your ideal—confessed to you. What would you do?⑳
⑳What do you mean by 'not normal?'⑳
⑳Um... Well...⑳
⑳Uh...⑳
⑳Sorry, never mind what I said. Forget it, forget it!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Kiko, have you ever gone out with a guy before?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳N-Nope! Not me! Never.⑳
⑳I've never been out with a girl, either. So I don't have any experience or training in that sort of thing.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I believe that it takes skill to love, marry, and be happy with another.⑳
⑳You think it takes skill to love? Never heard that one before.⑳
⑳Well, let's use friendship as an example. There are certain lines you just don't cross if you want to remain friends, right?⑳
⑳But sometimes people get complacent because they feel their relationship is strong enough not to worry about it so much. That moment of complacency can end those friendships.⑳
⑳...⑳
I believed love to be an invincible bond that unconditionally bridged all divides between men and women.
But Suzumu's point was valid, too.
⑳A hedge between keeps friendship green,⑳ as they said. A slip of the tongue or a single thoughtless action could end both friendships and romances.
That wasn't something taught in school.
It was something you learned from experience.
⑳So perhaps we learn what those lines are by having a lot of friendships.⑳
⑳And you think the same goes for lovers?⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
⑳So...⑳
⑳If a girl confessed to me, I think I'd want to give it a try.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳That way, we could both learn how to nurture our love and improve ourselves. At least, that's what I believe.⑳
⑳Even if it turns out we're not a good match, and end up separating...⑳
⑳...I believe it would still be a valuable experience that would help us both out in the future.⑳
⑳Your ideas on love are amazing.⑳
⑳Really? Well, if you say so, then maybe.⑳
Suzumu relaxed and picked a towel off the porch.
Just then, Mom came outside and placed out a pot of tea nearby.
Man, was I insensitive. I should've been the one to do that.
In that sense, Mom would have to be more of an expert than me in these matters.
Of course she was. She married Dad and had a daughter—who ended up going down the wrong path, at that.
She'd made it this far amassing plenty of experience points in life.
I needed more feminine experiences in my life, too...
⑳H-Hey, Suzumu?⑳
⑳Yes?⑳
⑳I-I-I, uh, um...⑳
⑳So we can study love, um...⑳
Do you think we could go out?
⑳Huh?⑳
Yeah right. Like I could ever say that.
Man...
⑳I'm sorry, never mind!⑳
...
My dream to become the perfect wife...
I could never forget how it started.
It happened back when I was in kindergarten.
That prayer slip placed between all those dangerous items on my shelf was the beginning of it all.
⑳I want to be the perfect wife when I grow up. —Tsubakiko⑳
That was the first dream I'd ever had.
If I had stuck to those feelings and lived an honest life...
...how wonderful of a woman would I be by now?
I threw myself onto the bed and went over my life.
Why did I go down the wrong path?
I got into fights with boys all the time, and being the dumb kid I was, thought it made me cool.
Dammit...
I wished I could turn back time and do it all over.
I started to focus on my childhood days.
I remember them so well. Susuda was a lot different back then, wasn't it?
I don't feel like there used to be so many houses.
There used to be a lot of fields, but those were gradually replaced by houses and parking lots.
I loved going to the local park.
There were always people I knew playing there.
We'd have fun playing on the slide and in the sandbox.
I never even once thought about fighting or anything.
Back then, I honestly believed there were three kinds of people: Family, friends, and future friends.
I remember what it felt like, but not all the details.
But that was good enough for me.
If only I could return. Back to when there were infinite possibilities laid out before me.
The slide was fun no matter how many times I went down it.
I loved making mountains of sand and digging holes.
The deeper you dug, the cooler the sand got.
Whenever I got thirsty, I would run over to the water fountain and greedily gulp the water straight out of the faucet.
My friends' mothers would be sitting on the benches, smiling and waving at us.
I could get along with anyone here and make friends with them easily, even if we'd only just met or I didn't even know their names.
Everyone was nice. There was even this older man who would buy drinks for the kids...
...
There was something strange on the bench near the swing.
It was sitting—no. It was -bulging- on said bench.
It was a giant, flabby lump of flesh... A blob.
I couldn't really explain it. It was like an obese man's stomach had become a giant mass of meat.
Something like hair was strewn between its rolls of fat, reminding me of my father when we took baths together.
I thought nothing of it with my father... but with other people, it really disgusted me.
But that impression was only in hindsight. Back then, I doubt it bothered me.
After all...
...all the kids would gather around him with beaming smiles when he brought ice cream out of a shopping bag and called us over.
And I was no different.
⑳Bobe bob, Bibe bob bibe bbeab! Bebb babb bbe bbiebbb!⑳
Everyone was crazy for the blob giving away ice cream for free.
I was the same. I didn't get to have ice cream much because my parents said it'd give me stomachaches.
Just then, the blob reached out its hand as it spoke to me.
Nowadays, I would have found that repulsive, but the young me had no such reservations.
A slimy arm-shaped lump emerged from the blob and stroked my cheek.
A gooey, sticky thread covered in sweat hung between my cheek and the blob.
(No, no, stop it. It's so gross...)
Yet the young me was happy, engrossed with the blob that always gave me free treats.
My chest was growing tighter and tighter. It was a struggle to breathe.
It was the stench. That reek of a rotten stomach... The rank smell of acidic sweat.
I gasped for air.
But all I could do was keep watching that scene from an outside perspective, like on a TV show...
Just then... the giant blob's eyes met mine.
It slithered off the bench with a creeping sound.
It made its way through the children merrily stuffing their faces with ice cream and approached ⑳me.⑳
I was frozen in place. All I could do was watch as that thing wriggled toward me.
Meanwhile, the young me just kept licking her popsicle.
At that moment, the blob opened its giant mouth as though it was going to eat me alive, which unveiled everything hidden within.
Its pungent breath, putrid as a boiling sewer. Its tongue, covered in warts like a sea cucumber. Grimy teeth, flecked with yellow spots.
It was going to swallow me! No, no no!
All of a sudden, the world filled with radiant light.
The foul blob writhed in pain upon its arrival.
It groaned as it slithered away.
I was saved...
Just then, my savior appeared within the warm light.
⑳Are you all right? Hang in there.⑳
⑳Suzumu...⑳
Suzumu emerged from the brilliant light.
He'd saved me...
⑳Suzumu... Suzumu... *sob*⑳
⑳*sob* *sob*⑳
⑳It's okay. You don't have to be scared anymore.⑳
⑳I chased away whatever was frightening you.⑳
⑳Thank you, Suzumu. Thank you. *sob*⑳
I cried in Suzumu's arms for a while.
Gradually, I calmed down, and realized I'd been having a nightmare.
⑳Whew. So it was just a dream...⑳
⑳It looked pretty bad to me.⑳
⑳I tend to get nightmares all the time. Especially when I space out.⑳
⑳I haven't had as many recently, but I feel this was the worst one in a while.⑳
⑳What kind of nightmare was it?⑳
⑳Um...⑳
⑳Huh...?⑳
Dreams are always so clear when you're having them.
Yet when I tried to recall the details, I found they had faded from my brain like melted snow.
⑳I... forgot.⑳
⑳It's silly, isn't it? It was so scary, but now I can't remember a thing.⑳
⑳If it was that bad, then perhaps that's for the best.⑳
⑳Yeah...⑳
What happened to me...?
Oh, right. I'd laid down in bed during a fit of self-loathing.
I'd planned on getting back up soon, but it seemed I'd dozed off.
I was glad Suzumu had woken me up. I would've felt like a total mess in the morning if I fell asleep in my clothes.
...
Wait...
⑳Is something wrong?⑳
⑳Suzumu? What are you doing in my room?⑳
⑳Oh, right. I went to bed, but then I heard you screaming.⑳
⑳The walls here are pretty thin, huh...⑳
⑳I knocked but got no answer. I tried knocking on your parents' door, but that didn't work out either.⑳
⑳So then I figured your window might be unlocked.⑳
⑳Oh, sorry. And it was?⑳
⑳Yes. It's thanks to that I was able to wake you.⑳
⑳I thought it would've been rude to go in my pajamas though, so I changed first.⑳
That was awfully considerate, but I didn't care about that at the moment.
Something far, far bigger was at stake here.
⑳...Did you see?⑳
⑳See what?⑳
⑳My room?⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
⑳Wh-What do you think?⑳
⑳It sure is something.⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!⑳
No, no! This is the real nightmare! Wake me up! Please, please!
I gripped my head and rolled around in bed.
⑳Why?! Why did you come in here?!⑳
⑳Well, I figured a thief might've broken in. Or that you could be sick or injured.⑳
⑳But this is a girl's room we're talking here! A lady's sanctuary! Her secret garden!⑳
Garden, my ass. There wasn't a single flower in there.
And a sanctuary? With the gang flag, jacket, and posters of demons and skulls hanging around? Who did I think I was kidding?
⑳Waaah, waaaaaaah! Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳You saw! You saw it all! Now I'll never get married!⑳
⑳Uh... sorry, I guess?⑳
⑳Take responsibility for what you've done!⑳
⑳What?⑳
⑳Own up to your actions! Make me your wife, dammit!⑳
I grabbed Suzumu by the collar, my face drenched with sweat and tears.
More than anything, I wanted to dig a hole and bury myself in it at that moment.
⑳I don't wanna hear any ifs, ands, or buts! This is your fault for desecrating my sanctuary!⑳
⑳You think a simple sorry's gonna make up for soiling my holy ground?! Do ya?!⑳
⑳B-But I didn't track any dirt!⑳
⑳That don't mean shit, you son of a bitch! I'll kill you!⑳
⑳Owwwwww! You're hurting me, Kiko!⑳
⑳That's nothin' compared to the pain in my heart, dammit! Apologize! Atone! Make me your wife!⑳
⑳C-Calm down, Kiko! I-I can't breathe...⑳
⑳What you're feelin' ain't got crap on the sufferin' I've been through night after restless night!⑳
⑳Wh-What are you talking about?⑳
⑳You got shit for brains?! I'm sayin' I love you, dumbass!⑳
I heaved and caught my breath... and finally came back to my senses.
Was that... really my idea of a confession?
What the hell was that?! On a scale of 1 to 10, I'd get a -100 for femininity on that one!
⑳*sniff*⑳
⑳Waaaaaaaah! Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳Kiko...⑳
⑳This is how I am... But I want to be... an adorable, doting wife...⑳
⑳I want... to be... your wife...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I'm still light years away from being your dream girl.⑳
⑳But I'll work on my flaws and do my best to become the kind of person you like.⑳
⑳The same goes for me.⑳
⑳Even if we did get married, I'm not sure I could make you happy the way I am now.⑳
⑳So...⑳
⑳*sniff* So?⑳
⑳Let's study together.⑳
⑳What... do you mean?⑳
⑳It's definitely too early for me to promise to make you my wife.⑳
⑳I mean, I don't have any experience with this sort of thing, so I can't say for sure I could be the husband you deserve.⑳
⑳But you're in the same boat, right?⑳
⑳So let's find out if we can make each other happy, and learn together.⑳
⑳And if we decide in the end that we're worthy of spending the rest of our lives with each other, we can consider marriage then, can't we?⑳
⑳I don't get it. I'm dumb, so I don't understand what you're saying.⑳
⑳I'm sorry. Honestly, even I'm not so sure myself.⑳
I looked up to discover Suzumu's cheeks were adorned with a rare red tinge.
I was the one who went all crazy, so he was trying to play it cool for me.
But I could tell he was just as nervous.
That made me happy.
It wouldn't be fair to ask any more from him.
I sat up straight and bowed my head to Suzumu.
⑳I've liked you for a long while.⑳
⑳I don't know if I'm the right woman to be your wife...⑳
⑳But please... go out with me.⑳
⑳I'll fix any flaws I have and work hard on improving any strengths I have as well.⑳
⑳So if I do become your ideal woman, please... take me as your wife...⑳
⑳...⑳
Just then, Suzumu sat like me and repeated my actions.
⑳Same here.⑳
⑳I know I'm not as respectable a man as you think I am.⑳
⑳So I want to correct my faults and improve my strengths.⑳
⑳We'll discover those, and fix those, together.⑳
⑳If, by then, you still believe I'm worthy of being your husband...⑳
⑳Then let's leave everything to fate.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳How are you so calm? Has someone confessed to you before, or something?⑳
⑳Of course not. See how sweaty my hands are?⑳
Suzumu showed me his palms, which I took into my own.
They were warm, and I could tell his heart was beating as fast as mine.
⑳You're nervous, too.⑳
⑳Well, yeah, I worry about things, too. Nobody ever believes me when I say I'm nervous, though.⑳
⑳Ha ha... Aha ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳I've never dated anyone before, so I don't know what to do.⑳
⑳That's a relief. The same goes for me.⑳
⑳Well, uh, um...⑳
⑳Yeah?⑳
⑳L-Let's do our best.⑳
⑳Hip hip... hooray...⑳
⑳Pfft...⑳
We both laughed.
I never knew the moonlight shining through the curtains could be so gentle...
It illuminated the tinges on our cheeks, revealing our growing embarrassment.
The pounding in my chest was so great that I could barely take any more.
If we sealed this night with a kiss like a romance novel, our hearts would explode. No doubt about it.
So we simply said goodnight to each other, and Suzumu returned to his room.
His door was locked, so he said he'd go back through the window.
Ending a series of romantic events on that note was so silly I couldn't help but laugh.
I was Tsubakiko Harumiya, a junior in high school.
And I... finally found myself living a normal adolescent life.
The big day was finally coming up tomorrow. The day of the Iwaimoto Happy Fun Carnival—the day of the LCSC's rummage sale.
And so today was the night of the sleepover. The day of the cooking competition for Suzumu's heart.
The members gathered at school in the afternoon.
We moved the rummage sale goods to a truck belonging to the shopping district association.
Several of the stronger members of the association came to help, so the job went quicker than expected.
We finished preparing for tomorrow, leaving us totally free for the rest of the evening.
⑳Okay kids, I'm expecting a tasty dinner!⑳
⑳I've gotta go help the baseball club with an emergency first!⑳
⑳It's finally time...⑳
⑳No hard feelings between anyone. Agreed?⑳
⑳Yes. Susuhara, Atsuta, please give it your all.⑳
⑳We girls will be using the home economics classroom, so sad to say, you'll have to make do with the rice cooker in the security office.⑳
⑳And no peeking while we cook, okay?⑳
⑳You will be deciding which dish tastes the best, so you're not allowed to know who made what.⑳
⑳I'll give it my very, very best!⑳
⑳Okay, then Susuhara and I'll take care of the rice in the security office! We'll show you what we're made of!⑳
⑳Cooking rice in a rice cooker isn't exactly something to be proud of, y'know.⑳
⑳Aha ha. Then let's do our best too, Natsu.⑳
⑳You bet!⑳
Though they were only making the rice and miso soup, the boys headed for the security office in unnaturally high spirits.
The three of us headed for the home economics room as invisible sparks flared between us.
⑳Before we begin, let's go over the rules again.⑳
⑳We are girls in the midst of adolescence, waging war over a boy's heart.⑳
⑳The winner gets a date with Susuhara on the roof tonight.⑳
⑳Meanwhile, the losers have to help prepare for that. Do we have an agreement?⑳
⑳Br-Bring it on!⑳
⑳The three of us will each cook one dish and have Susuhara determine which is the best.⑳
⑳What if he says they're all equally good?⑳
⑳That's where Natty comes in!⑳
⑳Knowing him, he will have no reservations on setting the record straight.⑳
⑳Yeah, that does sound like him...⑳
⑳And if you lose, you will be banned from calling Susuhara by his first name.⑳
⑳Th-Then if I win, neither of you are allowed to be all alone with Suzumu ever again!⑳
⑳I mean, you want him to help guide your career, right, Riria? You don't need to be all alone with him to do that, do you?⑳
⑳Mgh... I-I suppose you have a point.⑳
⑳Same with you, Minobe! No seeing Suzumu outside of club if you lose!⑳
⑳Ohhh...?⑳
⑳Hey Kiki, is it just me, or are you acting real different than last week?⑳
⑳Huh? Y-You think so?⑳
⑳Now that you mention it, you're right. Back then, it was like she was on the fence.⑳
⑳Yet here she is now, willing to fight for Susuhara with all she's got.⑳
⑳Yeah, exactly! Y'know, maybe when she realized we might take Suzumun from her...⑳
⑳...she finally realized her feelings for him or something?⑳
⑳*gulp*⑳
⑳Ehee, now I see.⑳
⑳But I admire your drive. This would have been dull otherwise!⑳
We each began setting up our cooking stations.
We'd all bought the ingredients in our spare time.
And so we took them all out of the fridge.
⑳Hmm, so you bought minced pork, eh Kiki. Sounds like somebody's gearing for a hamburger steak, huh?⑳
Oh no... She figured it out from the ingredients alone...
⑳It's too early to say. It could be pot stickers, or mapo tofu. It's also a most effective ingredient for rice bowls.⑳
Y-You could use minced pork for more than hamburger steak? Oh god, my lady credentials were at an all-time low!
⑳What about you, Riria? Is that beef I see?⑳
⑳...It's pork.⑳
⑳It would be far over our budget to buy this much beef.⑳
⑳Urk... *whimper*⑳
⑳Looks like we have two pork dishes. But not me! I've got fish!⑳
⑳Y-You're amazing, Minobe... You can gut fish?⑳
⑳Huh? No, 'course I can't.⑳
⑳I just asked the people at the fish section to take care of it.⑳
⑳Oh, you had it cut up? It takes quite some skill to chop up sashimi.⑳
⑳Nyeh heh heh, worry not, my friends. I took that into account.⑳
This was really bad. We'd only opened the fridge and already everyone could tell I was a peasant in the presence of noblewomen!
My mom had put me through the wringer this past week to teach me how to make a hamburger steak.
She said that a hamburger steak is the straightest path to a boy's heart.
All boys love meat, and cooking a hamburger from scratch really makes the flavor stand out—according to her, anyway.
I didn't just take her at her word, either. I did my fair share of online research, too.
Thanks to that, I learned drawing something with ketchup can also be effective.
If I drew a heart, he'd be forced to recognize just how cute and feminine I was. No doubt about it.
I'd had plenty of experience with graffiti, so my art skills were off the charts!
⑳Oooh, that smells great! Toé and I are dying for it!⑳
⑳...Goooo...⑳
⑳Oh, Kurokami's here?⑳
⑳...I'm six hours late.⑳
⑳Sounds about right if you're taking a plane from the shrine to here.⑳
⑳In the event Atsuta can't serve as a sub-referee, let's have Ms. Hinagata and Kurokami do the job.⑳
⑳...Khoooh...⑳
⑳Heh heh, a cooking challenge, is it? A clash between womanly pride!⑳
⑳Lemme guess, you're leaving the final judgment up to a guy.⑳
⑳There'd be no point otherwise!⑳
⑳This is a battle for who gets their hands on Suzumu's heart!⑳
⑳I'd like to ask for your thoughts before the boys get here, Ms. Hinagata.⑳
In other words, a preliminary match with Ms. Hinagata as the judge.
⑳Oh wow, you made hamburger steak, Harumiya! That's a classic! Mmm, so cute!⑳
⑳...She drew a spade on it.⑳
⑳Oh, no, you're looking at it upside down. It's a heart...⑳
⑳Heh heh heh, standard as standard gets! You'd win for sure if we were dealing with a guy from back in my day!⑳
⑳But nowadays, ketchup hearts are pretty common.⑳
⑳Heh heh heh, guess the match will be decided by how much the heart gets through to him.⑳
⑳Boys aren't complicated. They're weak to that sort of thing.⑳
Shut up. So what if they are? All the better for me.
Still, it seemed the heart was the only real highlight of my hamburger steak.
⑳...The spade is black.⑳
Mmmph, that's 'cause Mom said you had to cook pork good so it didn't come out raw...
⑳Wow, is this yours, Minobe? So refined. The cooking sake is a good match.⑳
⑳Tuna sashimi and grated yam soup with shredded seaweed and sliced okra, huh?⑳
⑳...Bar food?⑳
⑳Hee hee hee, call it whatever you want.⑳
⑳I see. So that means the dish is incomplete, doesn't it?⑳
⑳Sharp as ever, Lilian. You saw right through me.⑳
⑳Wh-What are you talking about?⑳
⑳Well, everyone knows that boys love a good rice bowl. In other words, this isn't sashimi...⑳
⑳I see, you pour it on a bowl of rice and it becomes rice with raw tuna—tekkadon!⑳
⑳It's easy to make, tasty, and boys love it! The essence of the Minobe Kingdom's delicacies, all in one dish!⑳
⑳Splendid job. You built your whole dish based around those calculations.⑳
⑳Your usage of the sashimi's unevenness is truly cunning.⑳
⑳I see. So you chopped it up to bring out that home-cooked feeling, is that it? That could be a hit with the boys.⑳
⑳Y-Yours is pretty good too, Riria. It smells great.⑳
⑳I made a well-seasoned pork cutlet with eggs.⑳
⑳And you're gonna heap that onto the steaming hot rice?⑳
⑳Yes, to create katsudon!⑳
⑳It's a menu meant to bring joy to hungry high school boys, playing off their love of both meat and rice bowls!⑳
⑳Ooh, not bad. So you're going for the rice bowl angle, too.⑳
⑳Well, if you plan to win, it's only natural.⑳
⑳M-Mmghhhhh...⑳
⑳It's gonna be a hard call between these two. It'll all depend on if he likes fish or meat more.⑳
The way Ms. Hinagata said that implied that my own chances were next to none.
I knew it. I knew I couldn't win...
But even if I lost, I'd already confessed to Suzumu.
But—But what did that night mean to him, anyway?
The truth was, not much had changed between us since the day I confessed.
It was kinda embarrassing, so we kept on acting the same as always.
I was pretty sure Suzumu had accepted my confession, though.
So even if I lost, we were already a couple, right?
But Minobe was clever, while Riria was relentless.
If one of them got him alone on the roof, they might very well make something happen...
Mmmmmmmm! Oh God! I'll live an honest life from now on, so please, please grant me a miracle!
We brought our dishes to the girls' room in the dormitory.
The dorm was generally used by sports clubs to stay the night before a tournament.
But tonight, we'd be using it for the dinner and sleepover.
And the boys had finally arrived. The moment of truth was upon us.
⑳Sorry to keep you waiting! But we have made our great arrival!⑳
⑳Wow, it smells amazing.⑳
We all greeted them with bated breath.
⑳All right, let's set the table! Time for you all to bow before our greatness!⑳
⑳I hope you guys are surprised.⑳
⑳You sure are making a big deal out of rice.⑳
⑳Well, it does require some skill to make delicious rice out of a rice cooker.⑳
⑳You boys made the miso soup too, right? I'm looking forward to that!⑳
⑳Did you make the miso soup, Suzumu?⑳
⑳It was a joint effort between Natsu and I. We both worked really hard on it.⑳
⑳I've gotta say though, you truly are great, Susuhara...⑳
⑳I never thought I'd meet a man who could match my cooking skills!⑳
⑳You boys sure are pumped up over simple white rice and miso soup...⑳
⑳Hmm? Who said anything about simple rice?⑳
⑳We thought making something so basic would be too boring.⑳
⑳Whoa, what's this?! You brought a cart just to carry it?!⑳
⑳...Khhoooh...⑳
⑳The Great Brothers Atsuta and Susuhara are proud to present...⑳
⑳...our Great Dinner Showtime! Feast your eyes on this!⑳
⑳Wh-What...?⑳
⑳Th-This scent of ethnic spices... it's...⑳
⑳Tada.⑳
⑳Hearty and invigorating, give it up for the alluring dish dubbed the Men's Dream—curry rice pilaf!⑳
⑳In addition, we made Indian vegetable soup. See? It's rather hearty, too.⑳
⑳...Khhoooh...⑳
⑳Th-This sure is a surprise. I kinda got the impression you could cook, Susuhara, but...⑳
⑳...I-I didn't expect my, uh... 'big brother' could do the same...⑳
⑳O-Oh right... doesn't his family run a deli?⑳
⑳Natsuya Atsuta, son and heir to Atsuta's Piping Hot Deli, has taken center stage!⑳
⑳I don't plan on just sitting back and letting my inheritance fall into my lap! Frying, grilling, steaming, I've learned it all!⑳
⑳That's amazing. Isn't your dream to open a creative cuisine restaurant?⑳
⑳Don't sell yourself short! You were great, too!⑳
⑳You had the will to learn the ABCs of cooking and enjoy yourself, too! That's great!⑳
⑳I like cooking. I'm glad I could help you out.⑳
⑳Wh-What was the point of our cooking competition...?⑳
⑳I don't know anymore, but I'm kinda mad about how hungry I am...⑳
⑳Wow, Atsuta, you're the best brother ever!⑳
⑳Oh, dear me! I tripped!⑳
Riria elbowed Atsuta in the solar plexus with all her might.
Minobe and I could hear her inner cry of ⑳how dare you go the extra mile!⑳ raging from her soul.
Both Riria and Minobe's dishes had revolved around white rice.
But now...
⑳...Khhooh...⑳
⑳Thanks for cooking. Let's dig in!⑳
⑳Mmgh... Curry rice pilaf and Indian soup... My mountain of tuna... wasted.⑳
⑳They clash so badly I'd normally say it serves you right.⑳
⑳You should have just settled for making a fried pork cutlet, Lilian.⑳
⑳Sweet, egg-drenched pork cutlets... on curry rice pilaf... *sob*⑳
⑳Oh no, my hand slipped! I guess my fork's just going to go straight into my dear big brother's hand!⑳
⑳Ghhhhhhhoooooooooooooo! I was stabbed by the fork that touched Magical Lily's lips! Greaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
⑳I'm sorry. You were expecting us to make normal white rice, weren't you?⑳
⑳It's fine, it's fine. Besides, that means my hamburger steak is the best of them all.⑳
⑳Hamburger steak and rice pilaf go together like two peas in a pod! But a splash more ketchup will make it even grander!⑳
⑳Aaaaaah, so much for the heart I drew...⑳
Mmmmph. He didn't even see my world-class heart.
⑳The heart is cute.⑳
⑳It tells me you really put your soul into this.⑳
⑳Th-Thank you, Suzumu!⑳
⑳Mmm, it's really good! So good and filling→I get fat→The advent of the marshmallow lady?! Oh nooo!⑳
⑳...They're all good.⑳
⑳Y-You poured the yam soup on the pork cutlet... and you're eating it with the tuna?⑳
⑳It's good. I wish I could have had it with white rice.⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳Oops! My fork slipped again!⑳
⑳Greaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
Dinner remained a lively affair to the end, everyone's stomachs bursting with food.
In the end, the competition was called off.
And here I'd thought I'd won thanks to my hamburger steak...
But I decided since I was already the winner, I'd just accept it.
...Of course, by ⑳winner,⑳ I wasn't referring to the cooking competition.
Right. They say removing obstacles in your path is important at times like these.
I needed words, not actions. I'd announce it to everyone.
Suzumu would be all right with it, wouldn't he? He'd accepted my confession, right?
After we finished cleaning up, we gathered back in the dorm rooms.
Of course, this was a publicly sanctioned school, so the guys wouldn't be staying in the same room as us.
There were two separate rooms for the boys and girls to sleep in.
Of course, we all wanted to have fun together until lights out.
So everyone gathered in the girls' room, made a toast with the drinks Ms. Hinagata bought us, and proceeded to engage in all sorts of fun.
We talked about many different things. The most exciting topic was Riria's inside stories of the entertainment business.
Even Kurokami was actively participating in the conversation, like she was tuned to the right channel for once.
It was a rare occasion, to say the least, so we took the opportunity to ask Kurokami some things.
⑳Is that doll you're always carrying around important to you?⑳
⑳Yes. Very.⑳ Stuff like that.
However, it didn't seem like she would be staying over.
Given that she lived in a shrine, her family was probably very strict.
As such, she was planning to only hang around for a while, then go home.
And then, the clock hit 9.
Ms. Hinagata left, saying she had to go to the staff room.
Kurokami also looked up at the clock as she stood up, as if telling us she had to leave, too.
...With Ms. Hinagata out of the way, I figured it was the perfect chance.
I wanted to make the announcement while Kurokami was still there—with the whole LCSC present.
I winked at Suzumu.
He didn't get it, of course.
So I interrupted his card game with Atsuta to call him over.
⑳What is it?⑳
⑳I-I... I was thinking we should tell everyone now.⑳
⑳Tell them what?⑳
It took everything I had not to slug him in the face and shout ⑳That we're goin' out, dumbass!⑳
Just then, Suzumu smiled.
⑳Oh, you mean that we're going out?⑳
⑳S-So you do get it?⑳
⑳Do we really need to tell them?⑳
⑳Yes!⑳
⑳Otherwise some people might think you're still available and try wooing you!⑳
⑳I don't think there's anyone like that here.⑳
Oh, there was, all right. Every girl in this room, in fact, minus Kurokami.
⑳Please, Suzumu. I want to set the record straight.⑳
⑳If we can tell everyone to their faces, I think they'll accept it.⑳
⑳Mmm...⑳
⑳...Well, if you're okay with it, I guess it's fine.⑳
⑳Hey Susuhara! It's your turn!⑳
No, it's me and Suzumu's turn.
⑳U-Umm... Ahem!⑳
⑳Kurokami, would you mind waiting a minute?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳Uh, hey, guys! There's something I wanna tell you!⑳
⑳What's up?⑳
⑳What? What's happening?⑳
Suzumu and I stood side-by-side, and the others fell silent.
Crap. The silence made it harder on me.
Oh, forget it. This is all or nothing!
⑳Suzumu Susuhara and I, Tsubakiko Harumiya...⑳
⑳A-A-A...⑳
⑳...Aaaaaaaaa...⑳
⑳Are going out!⑳
The whole room grew quiet. I could feel myself sweating.
Everyone's eyes were wide.
W-Would it kill someone to clap or congratulate us? The silence was killing me.
⑳...How long has this been going on?⑳
⑳Uh... s-since I confessed last week.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳By that... you mean the day we first decided to have the cooking competition?⑳
⑳Y-Yeah.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You know... that's just not fair.⑳
⑳What she said. That was very cruel of you.⑳
Wait... what?
Minobe and Riria were glaring daggers at me.
There wasn't the faintest hint of a smile on their faces. They were dead serious.
⑳U-Umm...⑳
I winced. This was not what I'd expected.
⑳We decided to settle this fair and square, didn't we?⑳
⑳And yet you went and took a head start behind our backs.⑳
⑳You disgust me.⑳
⑳You knew how we felt, didn't you? We were honest about our feelings that day.⑳
⑳Honest...?⑳
⑳But you sounded like you were joking, Minobe...⑳
⑳And Riria, you said you just cared deeply for him, and nothing more...⑳
⑳Oh, I see. So that's your game, is it now?⑳
⑳You've got quite the nerve to play dumb.⑳
⑳I was so wrong.⑳
⑳I never thought you had it in you.⑳
⑳S-Stop, guys. What's gotten into you?⑳
⑳Don't you think you're taking this too seriously? I-It's just another page in our book of adolescence. Ha ha ha...⑳
The atmosphere was so strained that even the boys were dismayed.
Even the normally inattentive Kurokami was staring me down.
⑳W-Well yeah, maybe you could say it wasn't fair.⑳
⑳But you know, no one ever said we weren't allowed to confess or anything! Isn't that right?!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Then it's first come, first served where love is involved!⑳
⑳It pisses me off that you're bitching at me like there was some rule against that!⑳
⑳Kiko...⑳
⑳If you like Suzumu too, then you should've just confessed right off the bat!⑳
⑳But you didn't, and now you're pushing some rules you pulled out of your asses on me!⑳
⑳If you ask me, that kind of shit is more unfair than what I did!⑳
⑳Kiko!⑳
Suzumu's voice was serious. I held my tongue, but there was nothing to be upset about.
Because I'd already won.
Those two were just idiots for thinking this was some romance manga where getting a head start was banned by some bullshit status quo.
⑳...You know what? You're right. You're absolutely right, Kiki.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Very well. If that's how it's going to be, then we'll change our line of thinking.⑳
⑳What are you—⑳
⑳Kiko confessed to Suzumun, and so he accepted. That's it. That's all there is to it.⑳
⑳So that doesn't mean no one else is allowed to confess to him, does it?⑳
⑳According to Harumiya, there are no rules in that regard.⑳
The two were threatening to steal Suzumu away from me, with nothing to indicate they were joking.
Riria aside, this was the first time I'd ever seen the otherwise carefree Minobe look so serious.
⑳Just stop it, everyone!⑳
Suzumu shouted harshly.
It rendered us all speechless and brought us back to our senses.
But it didn't take long for us to start eyeing each other like predators again.
⑳Can we stop talking about this?⑳
⑳This isn't worth letting all the fun we were having go to waste.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳He's right. We shouldn't talk 'bout this in front of Suzumu.⑳
⑳Indeed. This is between the three of us.⑳
⑳By all means, enjoy the high ground for now, Harumiya.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Fine. You wanna fight? You're on.⑳
⑳You're pretty ballsy to think you can swoop in and break up a romance. Bring it on, bitch!⑳
⑳Stop it, Kiko! I don't want to see you all fighting!⑳
⑳If I'm the reason why this sleepover's been ruined, then I'm going home. I'll quit the LCSC.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Just... stop it already. Okay?⑳
⑳Take this any further and I'll lose all respect for you.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Ha... ha ha ha...⑳
⑳C'mon guys, this is crazy... What happened to you?⑳
⑳It's like you're all being possessed by something. Seriously, how'd things go to shit so quickly?!⑳
Natsuya tried to laugh it off, but it was obvious he was pretty dismayed by the situation. Suzumu was the same.
Everyone was having so much fun just minutes ago.
But a single declaration of love had destroyed it all.
This sort of thing wasn't so unusual between mixed gender groups in the countryside.
We were all healthy high schoolers. We should have faced this sort of thing once or twice before.
Yet things had never been this serious.
The tension was so thick you could cut it with a knife.
...All of a sudden, something snapped loudly.
A small object fell to Toé's feet.
It was one of the arms of the doll she was holding.
⑳...Go... ghh...⑳
She groaned and dug her nails into her face as if trying to endure some sort of agony.
⑳Are you okay?⑳
⑳...Go... a...⑳
Her forehead grew clammy with sweat.
Her eyes glazed over, and she stared out blankly into space.
It was very sudden and uncanny, yet welcome at this point in time.
Suzumu ran over to Toé to help her, but she swatted him away.
⑳...Stay... back...⑳
⑳Your... corruption... hurts...⑳
⑳Huh...?⑳
Toé glared at the other girls in the room.
⑳...You mustn't... be with this man...⑳
⑳If you get... too close to Susuhara... he will bring you... misfortune...⑳
And with that, she fell to her knees.
The doll she treasured with utmost zeal fell out of her hands.
Ms. Hinagata came back just then.
⑳Toé?! What's wrong?! Hang in there!⑳
⑳...Go... a...⑳
Ms. Hinagata picked up the doll, gave it to Toé, and helped her to her feet.
⑳I'll take her back to her house.⑳
⑳Are you okay, Toé? Do you recognize me?⑳
⑳...Go... a...way...⑳
The two of them vanished hurriedly down the hall.
Everyone was left at a total loss.
The silence of night enveloped the room once more...
Afterwards, the girls abruptly went back to their usual cheer, and the party ended.
To the boys, their change was creepy and beyond comprehension.
To the girls, the boys must have seemed like immature children who didn't know how to switch off.
Even after Suzumu and Natsuya returned to the boys' room, they were still speechless at the events that'd just occurred.
⑳Man, girls are scary. Ha ha ha.⑳
⑳Still... something was off about that.⑳
⑳They say that moonlight does strange stuff to people.⑳
⑳And, well, the moon's huge tonight, so maybe that was why.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I'm sure the girls are wallowing in self-loathing right about now.⑳
⑳But even so, I think it'll make a great page in our book of adolescence.⑳
⑳...Thanks, Natsu.⑳
⑳I feel a little better.⑳
⑳Let's just sleep, man. Don't let it get to you. We've got an early start tomorrow.⑳
⑳I'm not sure I'll be able to sleep.⑳
⑳Well, I'd be cool with a great all-night duel until Mr. Sandman comes knocking.⑳
⑳Ha ha ha ha ha. Okay yeah, sure, just a little.⑳
⑳You bet!⑳
I was in the midst of a dark night.
Or perhaps in the midst of the sootlike snow piling up.
A mighty wind drifted by.
The gale grew stronger, its howl like the roar of the sea during a storm.
An ear-piercing tide bellowed, and the earth trembled as I was suddenly blinded by a flash of light in the darkness.
I realized I was in a passageway at a concert hall, surging with a flood of intense light and sound.
A group of young men held up multicolored glowsticks to the tune of the song.
The stage lights were focused on a single young idol.
This was my first time seeing her, yet I could tell exactly who she was.
⑳Is that... Riria?⑳
⑳Hi everyone! Thank you for coming!⑳
⑳I'm happy to be loved by so many people!⑳
Zealous fans cheered in response.
I was the only one in the audience confused, standing completely frozen.
Just then, she started passing through the audience to a round stage in the center of the hall.
The fans all reached their hands out to her like zombies emerging from their graves.
The girl took a look at the countless hands and curved her lips into an impish smirk.
⑳Mmm... Nope!⑳
⑳I can't touch a single one of these!⑳
⑳So they've got to go!⑳
All of a sudden, the color of the lights changed—and so did the world.
A row of guillotine racks rose along the elevated walkway to the stage.
The fans fanatically put their hands through the racks and reached out to her.
⑳Let's make those icky hands of yours squeaky clean!⑳
And as if that were a signal, the guillotine blades dropped one after another like a chain of dominos.
Arms fell to the ground, and geysers of crimson blood spurted from the stumps in succession.
The blood splattered across the audience like party streamers celebrating her arrival.
Their faces were warped in pain, but they cackled as though that was what they'd wished for.
Though they were sweating as they endured the agony, they smiled like they were being blessed for sacrificing their hands to her.
She slowly made her way through the crowds of fans and severed arms.
She took center stage... and found me right in front of it.
Suddenly, several dazzling spotlights shone on me.
⑳He's the only one who may touch the Princess of Cleaningland.⑳
⑳Suzumu is the only big brother I'll ever need.⑳
Roars resounded, sounding akin to screams.
It wasn't unreasonable. These fans had given their hands for her, yet there I was, upstaging them all for no apparent reason. Her announcement had been like a death sentence.
⑳I don't belong to you all anymore. So I don't need you!⑳
All of a sudden, rows of giant guillotines lined the stage.
They could bring their blades down themselves like fangs, as if they were monsters in guillotine shape.
⑳He's the only one I'll ever want.⑳
⑳So with my Sparkle Magic, I'm gonna make this place squeaky clean!⑳
She raised her hand, prompting the giant guillotines to all jump off the stage in sync.
And then they reaped her thousands of adoring fans like combine harvesters in a paddy field.
Fingers, arms, heads, legs, and body parts I didn't even recognize rapidly flew all across the hall.
Those gruesome harvesters made quick work of the audience.
The hall was wrapped in the stillness of death before I could even process what I was witnessing.
⑳And now, you can have me all to yourself!⑳
⑳I don't need anyone else. Just you.⑳
She descended the stage and slowly stepped toward me.
Walking a red carpet of viscera all the way.
All of a sudden, two protrusions started growing slowly from her head.
They looked like pitch-black branches... or deer antlers.
⑳Are you... Riria?⑳
⑳Nope. I'm Magical Lily!⑳
⑳You're really lucky to have a sister as cute as me.⑳
⑳This adorable little angel is all yours. Don't you wish you could just give me a big old bear hug?⑳
⑳I-I have no clue what you're talking about...⑳
⑳Look at this pure body, before I got breasts and became a corrupted adult...⑳
⑳You can make me... all yours... if you want...⑳
The little Riria smiled seductively and wrapped her fingers around my own.
Then all of a sudden... she shriveled up.
No... I was growing bigger?
I was becoming as tall as a giant with each passing second.
Before long, the concert hall of death looked as small as a miniature...
*Thud*
It was all swallowed up and locked in a round cookie jar.
Where... was I?
I found myself in a room straight out of a fairytale.
I was sitting in a chair, an afternoon tea set lying on a table before me.
⑳Arrogant little girl. She's done it now.⑳
It was her who'd shut the cookie jar.
She pulled duct tape seemingly out of nowhere and wrapped it round and round and round and round and round the jar.
⑳Minobe...⑳
⑳Nuh-uh. Call me Elice here.⑳
⑳When... did I get here...?⑳
All of a sudden, a large jar fell from the cupboard with a loud wham.
It was a different cookie jar.
But I could tell from a glance that something wasn't right about it.
There was just as much duct tape around it as the other one, but this one had several kitchen knives stuck into it, too.
The jar shook as if something inside was trying to get my attention.
⑳Tch. Still got energy to spare, huh...⑳
She marched over to the jar with blatant irritation.
Next, she picked it up carelessly, tossed it into the cupboard, and closed the door.
⑳...What was that?⑳
⑳Nothing to do with you. Nothing at all. Absolutely nothing.⑳
Her response was curt. I could never have imagined seeing such a heartless expression on her face before today.
I stood there speechless for a while until her features softened slightly.
⑳Hey, Suzumun. Don't you think our day-to-day lives are boring?⑳
⑳School, our families—it's all such a drag, isn't it?⑳
⑳But things are different here.⑳
She opened the window with a smile.
We must have been in a tower or something, because far below us was an unbelievably verdant landscape out of a picture book.
Villages and steeples, bridges and windmills... I felt like I'd been dumped straight into a fairytale.
⑳Here, there are dreams and adventures.⑳
⑳Here, I'm a princess, and you're a prince.⑳
⑳Every day is a holiday. There are always new meetings, and new adventures.⑳
⑳We can have this fun world all to ourselves.⑳
Just then, the cupboard clattered and shook.
Whoever was trapped inside it was clearly seeking help...
⑳Suzumun?⑳
⑳I-Is something in that jar in the cupboard?⑳
⑳No.⑳
She glared at it with irritation.
That was a bald-faced lie, of course.
⑳Then show me what's inside.⑳
⑳Suzumu!⑳
I was more stunned by the look on her face than her sudden shout.
That expression was utterly unlike my dainty, laidback upperclassman.
⑳Look, forget about what's inside. It doesn't matter.⑳
I heard a cracking sound from her head—her skull.
Two black horns like withered branches sprouted out of it.
⑳Anyway, take another look outside.⑳
⑳You're a boy, so I think you're gonna like this.⑳
Only her lips were smiling. Her eyes regarded me like a predator baring its fangs.
I heard something off in the distance.
The earth was shaking, and many people were screaming. It was like something out of a monster movie.
I approached the window, looked down on the world...
...and noticed it was no longer the idyllic landscape I had just seen.
My ⑳monster movie⑳ comparison turned out to be right on the mark.
Countless caterpillars the size of windmills creeped across the earth, devouring this world whole.
The villagers fled for their lives, but were eaten one after another.
They had nowhere to run. They were nothing more than cookie crumbs scattered on the floor to the caterpillars.
Cries of agony from the insects' prey and the wailing of infants echoed across the land.
This was a fairytale, all right. One straight out of hell.
⑳Our adventure is finally about to begin, o prince of Moonsoot.⑳
⑳People are suffering at the hands of monsters. The world needs a hero.⑳
⑳Now go forth with me on this quest, brave prince!⑳
⑳We must find the Ssech King who controls these beasts and locate the holy sword to seal the darkness!⑳
⑳Forget that boring other world and go on an adventure with me!⑳
She should have heard the screams and cries of the villagers.
Yet she talked about all of it as though it were the start of something exciting and fun.
Just then, the room trembled from a violent quake.
⑳Look, adventure is coming to us!⑳
The room shook so hard it was impossible to stand.
At that moment, the ceiling collapsed, and something giant fell upon us.
It wasn't one of the caterpillars that assaulted the world, but something even uglier.
⑳Huh?! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳Where did you crawl in from, you porky bastard?!⑳
She called it pork, but all I saw was a hideous giant blob the color of flesh.
The blob monster roared as it sluggishly slithered over to her.
She laughed sardonically at its appearance as she pulled a sharp-tipped parasol out of nowhere and stood on her guard.
⑳Bbubabibo! Bbab bibb be!⑳
⑳I, Elice, First Princess of the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom, shall slay you, foul demon! Now let the adventure begin!⑳
I could tell the two were opposed to each other.
But I didn't know who to help—heck, I didn't even know what was going on at all.
Just then, the cookie jar in the cupboard clattered again.
I ran over to it once I was sure she wasn't paying attention to me.
I pulled out the knives stuck in the jar, tore off the layers of duct tape...
...and opened the lid.
Pitch-black soot spewed out and engulfed the world in darkness.
⑳Ha ha, ha...⑳
This deranged series of events had left me a laughing wreck.
I was taking no pleasure in any of this, naturally.
⑳Seriously, what in the world is happening here...?⑳
⑳None of it... makes any sense...!⑳
I was in the midst of a dark snowfield.
A blizzard of sootlike snow howled around me, dyeing everything pitch-black.
Part of me was convinced this had to be a really bad nightmare.
In that case, I wanted to at least know what it was about.
What was it trying to tell me?
Before long, something came into view through the pitch-black blizzard.
⑳That's a...⑳
That large metal lump was cool to the touch.
I knew that shape. It was similar to those hanging bells they had in temples.
Just then, I felt vibrations coursing through the object.
Almost like someone was banging on it from inside, begging for help.
⑳I-Is someone in there?⑳
⑳Is that you, Suzumu?! Help me!⑳
⑳Ki-Kiko?! You're in there?!⑳
⑳Let me out! Get me out of here!⑳
I grasped the bell and put my back into it, but it didn't even budge. It was just too heavy...
I looked around to see if there were any tools or people nearby, but there was nothing but a pitch-black snowfield as far as the eye could see.
⑳Get me out! Get me out!⑳
⑳I'll save you! Ghh...!⑳
I even stepped back and tried ramming it, but that didn't work either.
Body slamming a solid lump of metal was no different than trying to punch through a steel door.
Despite that, I endured the pain and kept ramming into it over and over again—but ultimately, it was pointless.
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant* I can't do it...⑳
I gasped for air as I fell to my knees.
...All of a sudden, I heard another voice.
It was coming from above.
⑳No one... can save her...⑳
⑳...⑳
I surveyed my surroundings. No one was to be found.
But when I looked up, I saw someone sitting on top of the bell.
⑳The likes of you have no means with which to wipe away the sands of time...⑳
⑳Kurokami...⑳
⑳Someone's trapped in here!⑳
⑳...Do you wish to save her?⑳
⑳We have to!⑳
⑳Then keep on trying till you grasp the futility of your actions.⑳
She gave me a belittling smirk from her perch on the bell.
⑳If you think you can save her, then by all means, do try.⑳ That was what her expression appeared to say.
⑳...⑳
I kept looking around, but couldn't find anyone or anything that would be of any help.
It was clear that Kurokami had no intention of helping either, so it was all up to me to do something.
I staggered to my feet and continued ramming the bell over and over again.
My shoulder creaked and ached each time, driving home just how I was accomplishing nothing but injuring my own body.
Even so, I couldn't afford to stop.
Yielding was not an option so long as someone was in there, seeking help.
⑳...Learn from your futile struggle.⑳
⑳Dealing with this curse and this karma is far beyond your capacity.⑳
⑳Is that so? I don't believe that.⑳
⑳Oh...?⑳
⑳After all, you're looking at me.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You wouldn't be watching if you didn't think I could do anything about it.⑳
⑳Deep down, perhaps you're hoping that this is within my power.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Suzumu, help me! My body's... Ghh, aaaaghhhhh!⑳
⑳Kiko!⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaah, my body... my body is...!⑳
I couldn't tell what was going on in there, but I clearly had no time to waste.
However, I didn't know what to do.
There was nothing I could do in the face of something so thick and heavy.
⑳Curse your powerlessness, and leave us.⑳
⑳The likes of you cannot hope to alter fate.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Will Kiko die if this keeps up?⑳
⑳She will be stained with an eternal curse from which even death shall offer no release.⑳
⑳Then I have to do something, even if it means sacrificing myself.⑳
Just then... I took up my form.
The Susuhara Divine Tribute Style. The sole art I'd been trained in for as long as I could remember.
But it was meant to be dedicated to God, not for hitting things.
I punched trees, but I would never break through them.
And at this moment, I was dealing with a chilly metal wall that had to be even thicker.
If I punched it, my hand would break. That was unmistakable.
I understood that, yet I took up my form, lowered my stance, and readied my fist all the same.
⑳...Whatever do you think you're doing?⑳
⑳You think you can break the bell with that puny fist of yours?⑳
⑳This is the most I can do.⑳
⑳Up until now, I didn't understand what all of this training was for.⑳
⑳But if I can offer up my fist to save someone...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Then I'll be satisfied.⑳
⑳...Ha...⑳
⑳Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
I calmed my mind and honed my spirit as she ridiculed me.
I didn't know why...
...but I felt like I was meant to be here on this day.
If all of this was fate, then perhaps it was destined that I would be here.
⑳Hajakensho—crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path.⑳
⑳I am Suzumu Susuhara, practitioner of the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style...⑳
⑳Now!⑳
⑳Huh?!⑳
I felt whirlwinds gather and condense into my fist.
Brilliant light leaked out of it, as if I held a drop of the sun in my hand.
⑳What... are you...?!⑳
When I saw the look of bewilderment warp her features, I knew.
This sacred fist, offered unto God...
...would pierce true.
⑳I-Impossible...⑳
Everything shattered like glass in a burst of radiant light.
Even the bell and Kurokami were reduced to particles and vanished into the brilliance.
The sootlike blizzard scattered apart.
Through the round hole in the bell...I saw Tsubakiko, smeared in soot.
⑳Kiko... Kiko!⑳
⑳Ngh, mmm...⑳
She was still breathing.
I brushed away the mountains of soot on her body and held her in my arms.
Horns like branches were growing out of her head.
⑳Thank you... Suzumu...⑳
⑳You're safe now.⑳
⑳Yeah... And with this... you're all mine, aren't you...?⑳
⑳I love you, Suzumu.⑳
⑳So...⑳
⑳...pour all your soot into me...⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
She spread her arms like wings and wrapped them around my body.
Her claws dug into me, keeping me from escaping.
And so... I ended up becoming her prey...
...
...
I had a hard time waking up in the morning.
It took a lot of shaking from Natsu to finally break my slumber.
I was seized by exhaustion and fatigue the likes of which I'd never felt before. I couldn't muster the energy to get up.
And I wasn't the only one.
All the girls were in the same state as me.
⑳Geez, you guys are so helpless. You stayed up till dawn chatting, didn't you? Sheesh...⑳
⑳Lack of sleep→Beauty fades→The teacher looks more attractive by comparison! Is that really what you want? Heh heh heh.⑳
Ms. Hinagata assumed we'd all stayed up too late.
But she ultimately told us to take the day off and go home so we could take it easy.
Kiko and I went home together.
She looked ragged with exhaustion, but she never responded when I asked if she was okay.
...This wasn't sleep deprivation.
Last night, I'd had a horrible nightmare.
Was it possible that we'd all shared that dream?
⑳Say, Kiko... Did you have a dream last night?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I dunno.⑳
That was all she said.
But I was sure of it.
She'd had that crazy dream, too.
Fortunately, I was back in shape by the afternoon.
However, Kiko had been suffering in her sleep the whole time.
I worried if she was having another nightmare.
I recalled the dream I'd had the night before.
It had toyed with me in incomprehensible ways the whole time...
...yet there was one moment where I had broken through the bell with my own will.
Perhaps even that was nothing more than just a part of the dream.
But then I remembered Kurokami.
She'd looked shocked at that moment.
I'd done something unexpected and wrecked the dream's established rules.
⑳Hello? Oh, hi Mom. Is Dad around?⑳
There was no way you could fight back against nightmares.
But that hadn't been a dream. I knew it.
It was some sort of experience we had all shared.
Then it could be resisted. And I had fought back.
Though I felt I was grasping at straws, I told my dad everything.
⑳The Susuhara Divine Tribute Style is a sacred thing dedicated unto God.⑳
⑳If what you saw wasn't a dream, but something brought about by an evil force...⑳
⑳...then you have the means to drive it away.⑳
⑳To train in the Divine Tribute Style is to offer dedication to God every single day.⑳
⑳Thanks to your thorough dedication, your body may have developed the power to crush evil.⑳
⑳How can I save Kiko?⑳
⑳Keep your presence of mind and continue training.⑳
⑳Doing so will purify your body and force the evil gnawing away at her to disperse.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳All right.⑳
I cleansed myself, changed clothes, and began training in the yard.
Could I really save her this way?
No, I couldn't allow myself to think that. I had to keep my mind clear.
Kiko wasn't doing well.
Like Ms. Hinagata, her parents believed she was just exhausted from staying up all night.
But I knew the truth.
This wasn't something so simple as a cold or sleep deprivation.
That nightmare-like something was still eating away at her.
And though we had the same dream, I got better rather quickly.
Something only I possessed must have abated it.
And if I could obtain that through this...
...perhaps I could save her.
I emptied my mind and focused on training longer than usual.
⑳Kiko? How are you feeling?⑳
I knocked, but there was no answer.
I tried turning the doorknob, and found it wasn't locked.
She said earlier she'd lock it later, meaning she hadn't gotten out of bed once since then.
I quietly entered to find Kiko fast asleep, her breathing labored.
⑳Kiko...⑳
She didn't answer. The only responses I got were her pained breaths and occasional groans.
There was no doubt about it. She was still trapped in that nightmare.
What could I do?
I purified my body and trained.
If the power to crush evil dwelled in me because of that, then I figured I should be able to use it by now.
I gently placed my palm on her forehead.
Just then, I felt something akin to vertigo.
The room was pitch-black. There was nowhere that could be producing any light.
Yet I felt something like a brilliant light slowly fill it up.
⑳Aah...⑳
Kiko let out a heavy breath.
It was different from the labored breathing of before.
That breath was clearly a sigh of relief.
⑳...⑳
⑳Kiko...⑳
⑳Suzumu...⑳
Beads of sweat still clung to her face.
But the pain etched into her features had faded.
She slowly took my hand, and lovingly placed it on her cheek.
⑳Thank you...⑳
⑳I don't remember it very well, but I was having an awful dream.⑳
⑳Yeah, I know.⑳
⑳But then you showed up in the dream and saved me...⑳
⑳Once you arrived, all that fear and misery melted into light and disappeared.⑳
⑳Thank you... Thank you, Suzumu.⑳
I tried to move my hand back, but she frantically grabbed it.
⑳Don't let go...⑳
⑳I feel so much calmer... with your hand there.⑳
⑳Okay.⑳
Kiko nuzzled her cheek against my hand like a cat for a while afterwards.
⑳Hey, Suzumu? I've been getting a lot of bad daydreams for a long time now.⑳
⑳And I had one the day I went to pick you up at the station.⑳
⑳I was having this really bad daydream while I was waiting for you.⑳
⑳I see...⑳
⑳Now that I think about it, you might've saved me back then, too.⑳
⑳I feel like you came out of this beautiful white light and rescued me.⑳
⑳...Come to think of it, I've barely had any bad dreams ever since you came to town.⑳
⑳Now that I've felt your hand on my cheek, I'm sure of it:⑳
⑳You must have some mysterious power, Suzumu...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I don't know what the truth behind your nightmares is, Kiko...⑳
⑳But my father said the Divine Tribute Style possesses a sacred power dedicated to God...⑳
⑳...and that thanks to my training, I may have the power to crush evil.⑳
⑳You really are amazing... Suzumu.⑳
This confirmed my suspicions.
Something evil was tormenting her...
...and I had the power to relieve it.
I'd been training for as long as I could remember.
Not even once did I question what it was all for.
But for the first time, I felt I understood.
Perhaps it had all been for this particular time.
⑳I think I understand a little... You feel so pure.⑳
⑳You don't seem corrupt at all. Maybe that's why you can make the bad things go away.⑳
⑳I'm glad I met you...⑳
⑳Every day's been super, super happy since you got here.⑳
⑳If that's true, then I'm happy, too.⑳
Yesterday, Kurokami had swatted me away when I tried helping her.
Then she called me corrupt.
Kiko claimed that wasn't the case...
...yet for some reason, Kurokami's words weighed heavily on me.
⑳If you get... too close to Susuhara... he will bring you... misfortune...⑳
She'd said that loud and clear.
Kiko said it was thanks to me she'd managed to wake from that nightmare.
But how did I know it wasn't my fault she'd had that dream to begin with?
On that day, Kiko had announced to the LCSC that she and I were going out.
I could tell that'd earned her a great deal of ire from the other girls.
The atmosphere had been so tense after that.
Natsu had even commented that it was like they were possessed by something.
Was Kurokami right, and I'd brought misfortune upon them by getting too close?
Nothing made sense.
At any rate, I couldn't think of anything to do but stay close to her like this.
Just what was happening here?
And what could I do?
...
...
Though Kiko's condition had improved a little, she still wasn't fully better.
My power was probably not to cure, but to provide temporary relief.
She was staying home from school today and would be going to the hospital.
Kiko was still suffering a bit, but she was doing much better than before.
They'd probably give her a checkup at the hospital.
...A strange thought came to me.
They would probably give her some safe, generic diagnosis, like a cold.
But I had a feeling...
...that what was happening to Kiko—that thing we'd experienced that could only be likened to a nightmare...
...had to be something that couldn't be explained by medical science.
⑳Hey there. Feeling better?⑳
⑳I am. But Kiko's...⑳
⑳I doubt it's food poisoning or something like that. What could it be?⑳
⑳I wonder if the rest of the LCSC is okay.⑳
⑳I'll text 'em.⑳
With a practiced air, Natsu sent a text to the LCSC group chat inquiring about the club members' conditions.
A little while later, he got a response from Ms. Hinagata.
⑳Minobe and Nunokawa are taking the day off. How are you and Susuhara feeling?⑳
⑳I'm A-OK.⑳
⑳Let her know I'm all right as well.⑳
⑳Gotcha.⑳
⑳You sure are fast at texting.⑳
⑳It's the result of many fierce duels.⑳
Ms. Hinagata eventually replied.
⑳Can you come to the infirmary after school, Susuhara? I'd like to check on your condition.⑳
...Once last period had ended, I headed for the infirmary.
⑳How are you holding up, Susuhara?⑳
⑳I was better by that afternoon. But Kiko's still...⑳
⑳...suffering like she's having bad dreams?⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
⑳I think I had a very bad dream that night, too.⑳
⑳And Kiko said she also had a nightmare.⑳
⑳I'm sure it's the same for Minobe and Riria too.⑳
⑳Everyone's symptoms are the same.⑳
⑳They're all suffering from nightmares.⑳
Ms. Hinagata had apparently just gone to visit them all.
That included Kiko, of course.
There, she learned they were all plagued by the same symptoms.
⑳Is this a sickness or something?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳This might sound crazy to you, but I want you to hear me out.⑳
⑳What is it?⑳
⑳I might have the power to ease nightmares.⑳
⑳...⑳
Ms. Hinagata gaped in surprise.
She probably hadn't been expecting that.
⑳...What makes you think that?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳My father says the Divine Tribute Style—the martial arts I train in—bears the power to crush evil.⑳
⑳Divine Tribute Style?⑳
I gave Ms. Hinagata a simple explanation.
That the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style had the goal of offering dedication unto God.
That it granted one the power to crush evil for that purpose.
And that when I tried it on Kiko, it'd alleviated her suffering a little.
⑳I don't think she was in any state to be flattering me.⑳
⑳She truly believed I drove away her nightmare with my power.⑳
⑳And if this isn't flattery from her or my own conceit...⑳
⑳...then I believe I truly do possess such an ability.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Do you know why I invited you to the LCSC?⑳
⑳Huh? No.⑳
⑳Because the same happened to me. Like Harumiya and the others... I also frequently suffer from bad daydreams.⑳
⑳It's gotten a lot better since I grew up, but I still get them from time to time.⑳
⑳One day, I was having the worst daydream I'd seen in a long time.⑳
⑳But then a warm white light appeared and woke me from my nightmare.⑳
⑳Huh? Wait, you don't mean...⑳
⑳It was the moment you and Atsuta entered the infirmary.⑳
⑳That was the first time something like that had happened. I never believed people could have the power to drive away haunt—I mean, nightmares.⑳
⑳But I wanted to confirm my suspicions. So I asked you two to join the LCSC.⑳
⑳At first, I thought Atsuta had that power.⑳
⑳He's a fun guy who can really lighten up the room. Someone like that has a bit of power to drive bad things away.⑳
⑳But that alone couldn't possibly be enough.⑳
⑳When you told me about the Divine Tribute Style just now, my suspicions were confirmed.⑳
⑳You have the power to drive away nightmares.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳What should I do?⑳
⑳We have no other choice. We need to test if our hypothesis is correct.⑳
⑳Test how?⑳
⑳Let's go visit everyone.⑳
⑳If you go see them, their symptoms may abate slightly.⑳
⑳And if that happens...⑳
⑳Then what?⑳
⑳→Great news!→The LCSC is so happy!⑳
We went in Ms. Hinagata's car to visit the others.
She seemed a bit excited.
⑳Ms. Hinagata?⑳
⑳Yes?⑳
⑳Exactly what is the LCSC?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Officially, it's the Local Community Service Club, but I have a feeling it's about something else, judging by your behavior.⑳
⑳You mentioned you and Kiko tend to have a lot of nightmares.⑳
⑳Then is it the same for Minobe and Riria, too?⑳
⑳...⑳
A local community service club would normally be made public and attract lots of students.
But that wasn't the case with the LCSC. It was a secret club that only those with Ms. Hinagata's invitation could join.
⑳That's a good question to ask. If you have the power I'm hoping for...⑳
⑳...then I'll likely have to tell you everything soon.⑳
⑳You can't tell me now?⑳
⑳I'd hate for you to think of me as a nutjob. Heh heh heh...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata, was that really a nightmare?⑳
⑳Perhaps a better way of putting it is that it can only be perceived as one.⑳
⑳So it's something else altogether?⑳
⑳That's what I believe, at least.⑳
⑳But it's a little healthier to think of them as nightmares.⑳
⑳Just what are they? Please, tell me.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳If you know that you can use the sacred ritual known as the Divine Tribute Style to relieve them... then you should have an idea, shouldn't you?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Let's keep this little conversation between you and me, okay?⑳
⑳If the vice principal found out I took stuff like this seriously, I'd be in biiiig trouble.⑳
Ms. Hinagata parked the car on a street lined with old public housing buildings.
Apparently, Minobe's apartment was in one of those.
⑳She was up this morning, but things might be different now.⑳
Ms. Hinagata pressed the doorbell several times until Minobe's voice finally came through the intercom.
She hadn't been ignoring us. That was just how long she'd needed to get out of bed.
⑳If I'd known Suzumun was coming, I would've taken a shower and put on cuter clothes.⑳
⑳How are you feeling? Can you sleep?⑳
⑳All I get are nightmares when I sleep, so I'm forcing myself to stay awake.⑳
⑳This might be the worst one yet.⑳
⑳It's the first time it's been this bad...⑳
⑳Anyway, what's up? You come to check up on me too, Suzumun?⑳
Minobe let us into her place.
When I saw the exhaustion etched on her face, I was sure:
It was exactly the same as with Kiko.
She'd been plagued with nightmares since last night—no, the night before that.
⑳Susuhara, what did you do with Harumiya?⑳
⑳Well, with her... I just kinda took my hand like this and...⑳
⑳Wh-What are you doing?⑳
⑳Just relax for a sec...⑳
I placed my hand on Minobe's forehead as she lay in bed.
...I got the same feeling I did with Kiko.
The feeling of brilliant white light filling everything...
⑳Ahh...⑳
⑳How's that?⑳
⑳What happened? I don't get it...⑳
⑳When Suzumun touched my head, that horrible feeling just poofed away...⑳
⑳Thank goodness. So it really does work.⑳
⑳Amazing. You really do have a kind of power, Susuhara.⑳
⑳What are you... talking about?⑳
⑳I don't know the details, but he has the power to drive away nightmares.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I see... So you really are a prince... Suzumun...⑳
⑳Did you feel something like a white light?⑳
⑳Yeah...⑳
⑳Please, just give yourself over to it and rest.⑳
Kiko had at least recovered enough to go to the hospital herself.
She still didn't look fully cured, but at least she was better than when she was trapped in the world of nightmares.
This mysterious power could heal her as well.
⑳I feel like I'm floating...⑳
⑳Like I did the first time I met you...⑳
⑳I was in the hallway, lost in a bad daydream.⑳
⑳But then you called to me, and that horrible feeling just whooshed away.⑳
⑳I'd never felt anything like that before. It made me wonder if you were the one for me...⑳
⑳And then, when we met again in the LCSC...⑳
⑳I felt like you really could become the prince of my kingdom. That we really were destined to meet...⑳
She'd regained enough strength to talk again. Thank goodness.
I kept my palm on her forehead for a while longer.
Before long, she fell into a tranquil slumber.
By then, most of the color had returned to her face, and she seemed peaceful.
I gently put the covers over her.
⑳...I wonder if she'll recover now.⑳
⑳It seems they do well when I'm touching them, but it weakens when I leave.⑳
⑳I see...⑳
⑳But Harumiya was doing much better than she was yesterday, right?⑳
⑳Yes. She may not have been at school, but that much is sure.⑳
⑳That's amazing... It really is, Susuhara!⑳
We headed for Riria's house next.
It was a notably elegant house in the residential district.
She must've still been suffering from nightmares, too.
But I had the power to heal her.
⑳This... feels good.⑳
⑳How is it? Doing a little better now?⑳
⑳I feel great.⑳
⑳So much that I wish I could glue Susuhara's hand to my head forever.⑳
⑳You poor thing. You've been having terrible nightmares this whole time, haven't you?⑳
⑳Yes. I've been prone to having bad dreams for a long time now.⑳
⑳I thought it'd gone away recently, but this was the worst one yet.⑳
⑳You're all right now. I have the power to ease them.⑳
⑳It's so strange. Why does your hand hold such power?⑳
⑳All I can say is, it's the results of my everyday training.⑳
⑳Maybe I should disband the LCSC and start up the Divine Tribute Style Club under Susuhara's guidance instead. Heh heh.⑳
⑳Thank you, Susuhara. I really am glad you came to visit.⑳
⑳Will you come help me whenever I have more bad dreams in the future?⑳
⑳Yes. Definitely.⑳
⑳That's a promise. You'd better... mean that...⑳
Riria's complexion improved as she drifted off to sleep.
Riria's mother, who came in with a tray of tea, was also happy to see her daughter was doing better.
There was only one more left.
Kurokami must have been suffering from nightmares, too.
⑳Kurokami is last, isn't she?⑳
⑳Yes. Hers is the worst.⑳
⑳If your power works on her, that will be more than just impressive.⑳
⑳Come to think of it... Your surname is rather unusual.⑳
⑳Huh? I suppose so. I haven't heard of anyone else with it.⑳
⑳'Susuhara,' written 'Susu' as in 'soot' and 'hara' from 'harau,' or 'to drive away.' In other words, 'Drive the soot away'...⑳
⑳You said you were a distant relative of Harumiya's, didn't you?⑳
⑳Perhaps your ancestors lived in Susuda, or somewhere nearby?⑳
⑳I-I wouldn't know. I'd have to ask my parents.⑳
⑳You know, our town's name is currently written as Field of Hope. But they say long ago, the 'susu' part was written as 'soot' instead. In other words, Field of Soot.⑳
⑳And your surname is 'Susuhara,' or 'drive the soot away.'⑳
⑳...I'm not sure what you're getting at.⑳
⑳Me neither.⑳
⑳Who on Earth are you? You've certainly piqued my curiosity.⑳
I came to this town to attend high school.
I'd always been told that once I graduated middle school, I'd begin living on my own, away from my parents. I heard that was part of the training.
I ended up in Susuda so the Harumiyas could take care of me.
But now, I felt like I'd been guided here by some hand of fate.
As Ms. Hinagata said, Susuda's name was originally written as ⑳Field of Soot,⑳ while my surname meant ⑳drive the soot away.⑳
It certainly seemed fitting, at least.
At first, I'd thought Ms. Hinagata had invited me to the LCSC on a whim.
But now I knew she'd done so intentionally.
Furthermore, I'd learned that the LCSC was comprised entirely of kids who were plagued by nightmares all the time.
And the Divine Tribute Style held the power to ease their nightmares.
Was it all coincidence? Fate? Or had I been brought here under someone's design?
I had no idea.
But there was something only I could do.
So I had to do it.
The only one left was Toé Kurokami.
She must have been suffering from nightmares since that day, too.
⑳Hello. I'm Hinagata from Susuda High School.⑳
⑳I'd like to see Toé, if that's all right.⑳
We asked around at the shrine's office and learned that Kurokami had been seen by the doll memorial hall.
Ms. Hinagata had mentioned that she had it the worst of them all.
But physically, she at least appeared to be doing better than the others.
⑳The doll memorial hall...⑳
⑳Iwaimoto Shrine is famous for being a doll memorial shrine.⑳
⑳Kurokami's always carrying around a Japanese doll, isn't she?⑳
⑳That's true. She can't let go of it.⑳
⑳What do you mean?⑳
⑳There she is. Toé!⑳
She was sitting in the doll memorial hall, amidst the rows of thousands of dolls.
The way she sat in the middle of them made her look like their master.
Her eyes were shut. Perhaps she was sleeping?
At the very least, it didn't look like she was being haunted by nightmares.
⑳...Hinagata...⑳
She gave Ms. Hinagata a blank stare, as if wondering why she'd come to visit twice in the same day.
But her features hardened when she noticed me.
⑳...Susuhara... Why are you here...?⑳
⑳Listen to this. I just found out he has this incredible power.⑳
⑳Don't get any closer.⑳
⑳...Susuhara's corruption... hurts...⑳
⑳...⑳
With the other girls, my touch or even my mere presence had eased their nightmares.
However, with her, the closer I got, the greater her pain grew.
Did she hate me? Or was I really as corrupt as she thought?
But she'd been chatting with the rest of us the night of the sleepover, hadn't she?
She was even closer to me then, and responded to me like anyone else would.
Yet at this moment, it was as though the very sight of me brought her pain.
⑳Susuhara isn't corrupt. He's rather pure, in fact.⑳
⑳He says he's training in the Divine Tribute Style. That must be giving him the power to drive away evil.⑳
⑳...Divine Tribute...? Huh...?⑳
⑳You know what they say, the proof is in the pudding. I'm sure it'll do you good. You'll feel much better.⑳
⑳So just try it. Let him place his hand on you.⑳
⑳I... can't...⑳
⑳...Go... ghh...⑳
⑳Kurokami, I might have the power to ease your suffering!⑳
⑳Stay away... Leave...⑳
⑳Leave... until I can see you no more.⑳
⑳I know it hurts, but calm down. He really does have a—⑳
⑳...How many times... do I have to tell you?⑳
⑳Susuhara's corruption—his soot—is too strong...⑳
⑳...Hurry. Go a...way...⑳
⑳...Go... a...way...⑳
⑳Ghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
Kurokami covered her face with her hands as though she were about to claw it off. Just then, her long black hair danced in a whirlwind.
It looked as though that wind had come from her.
⑳Kuro...kami...⑳
⑳...I...⑳
⑳...want... you...⑳
⑳Huh...⑳
⑳Take me...⑳
⑳...Susuhara... ta...ke... me...⑳
All of a sudden, there was a loud snap.
For a moment, I wondered if branch-like horns were sprouting from her head.
But I was wrong. Little pieces were flying off the countless dolls surrounding her.
*crack* *crack* *pop* *pop*
They were the dolls' heads.
The heads of the dolls encircling Kurokami...
...burst off one by one.
One of them landed right at my feet.
⑳T-Toé... Calm down...!⑳
⑳Susuhara...⑳
⑳...fill me...⑳
⑳Wh-What are you saying...?⑳
⑳...With your... pitch-black soot...⑳
⑳Pour all of it into me!⑳
I had no clue what she was talking about.
Her face was eerily seductive. As bewitching as a spider approaching its prey.
It didn't seem to me she was saying those things of her own volition.
I could only imagine something evil was possessing her and making her say them.
And perhaps I could save her...
⑳Stop... it...⑳
⑳Calm down, Kurokami. I might be able to help!⑳
I ran into the hall without removing my shoes when all of a sudden, there was a loud bang.
The heads of the dolls I approached burst off all at once.
⑳...⑳
I had no idea what had happened, but my heart was struck with an impression.
The countless dolls were glaring at me with but a single emotion:
Rejection.
I stopped in place, like I'd stepped into quicksand of their making.
Deep down, I could feel it in my bones:
If I went any closer, I'd break not just the dolls, but her, too.
⑳Kurokami... I want to save you...⑳
⑳What do I need to do...?⑳
⑳...Too... late...⑳
⑳You're... too... late...⑳
⑳Late? For what?⑳
⑳A thousand years too late...⑳
⑳...⑳
All of a sudden, she looked up at the ceiling...
...and collapsed into the swarm of dolls.
⑳Toé!⑳
⑳...⑳
I couldn't move.
My mere presence had made her collapse.
So I feared if I got any closer or touched her...
...I might break her for real.
We called the people from the shrine's office for help.
Her father came running over and brought her to the house.
All I could do was stand dumbfounded by the edge of the trees.
Ms. Hinagata talked with Kurokami's father.
But he reprimanded her in a stern voice and demanded that she never pull a stunt like that again.
I couldn't blame him.
Up until just now, Kurokami didn't look as though she'd had it as bad as the rest of the girls.
Yet she fainted when I tried approaching her against her wishes.
⑳It's all my fault...⑳
⑳Don't blame yourself. I'm the one who deserves it.⑳
⑳I was the one who got it in their head you might be able to do something with your power. Her suffering is on me.⑳
⑳This all happened because I tried running over to her. It's my fault...⑳
⑳You know, back there, I believed that if you touched her, she'd be saved. I was sure of it.⑳
⑳But I never could have expected any of that to happen.⑳
⑳You and Toé got hurt thanks to my recklessness.⑳
⑳Just forget about today. I really am sorry.⑳
⑳...⑳
When I saved Kiko and the others, I was convinced I had the power to drive away evil.
I'd believed that my years of training in the Divine Tribute Style had granted me that amazing power.
So I was sure I could save her with that power as well.
But it was just as Kurokami had said.
I was corrupt...
⑳I really am corrupt... aren't I?⑳
⑳Don't think about that.⑳
⑳But I managed to save Kiko and the others.⑳
⑳So why did I fail with Kurokami?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Because Toé is from the main family. So the density of her soot and circumstances must be different from the others.⑳
⑳Soot...⑳
⑳Kurokami mentioned that. She talked about my pitch-black soot.⑳
⑳What was that about? It means more than it sounds like, doesn't it?⑳
⑳You also told me that Susuda used to be written as 'Field of Soot.' Just what is this soot?⑳
⑳I helped you out today. Can't you tell me?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳It's a long story. Let's save it for another day.⑳
⑳Does next Sunday work? I'll call you.⑳
Ms. Hinagata dropped me off at my apartment complex.
She'd promised to tell me everything.
In hindsight, nothing leading up to this day felt like chance.
Even if they were coincidences to me, I believed that this was all the work of fate.
...How could I save them?
Was I being too arrogant?
Was I truly a corrupt being whose presence brought misfortune to them all?
⑳...You mustn't... be with this man...⑳
⑳If you get... too close to Susuhara... he will bring you... misfortune...⑳
Kurokami's words played back in my mind.
Was I guided here to save them from something evil?
Or was I a cursed being making sport of them?
I didn't know. I couldn't tell just what I was anymore.
Kiko appeared to be doing better.
At the moment, it was more like she was suffering from a bad cold.
She'd recovered enough to force a smile.
⑳You're late.⑳
⑳Sorry. I went and visited the others with Ms. Hinagata.⑳
⑳I'm actually kinda jealous. I sorta wish you'd only gone to visit me...⑳
⑳Ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳But they all look like they're feeling a little better.⑳
⑳That's because you have the power to drive away all the bad things.⑳
Yet I failed to save Kurokami with that power.
...
If Kiko was any indicator, Minobe and Riria would also be back to normal within a few days.
No, perhaps they'd be well enough to go back to school by tomorrow.
At least I'd managed to save three...
That was right. That was the silver lining.
I didn't want to believe I was corrupted.
My mere presence brought everyone misfortune?
I didn't want to believe that...
That night, I called my dad.
I figured he might know something.
But he didn't know that Susuda had originally been written as ⑳Field of Soot.⑳
Furthermore, he was furious at Kurokami's claims I was corrupted, saying no one who trained under the sacred Divine Tribute Style could be corrupt.
My father wasn't two-faced. He was no liar.
Meaning he really didn't know anything.
Once I hung up, I noticed I had a call from Kiko.
I called her back, and she picked up right away.
⑳That was a long phone call. Who was it?⑳
⑳I called my parents. I had some questions for them.⑳
⑳I see... Is that true?⑳
⑳Huh? Yeah, I wouldn't lie.⑳
⑳...Yeah, you're right! Sorry about that! Eheh heh heh...⑳
⑳I figured you were on the phone with some other girl.⑳
⑳Mmph, jealousy is an ugly, ugly look, yeah? I need to be better.⑳
⑳Why would you be jealous?⑳
⑳Because we're dating, right?⑳
⑳I believe that phone calls in the dead of night should be something only your girlfriend gets to do...⑳
⑳Aha ha, that's true. It wouldn't be good if I spent so long talking to another girl.⑳
⑳But on the other hand, I believe it's selfish to eat into someone else's free time.⑳
⑳You should be free to do whatever you want with it. It's wrong for me to want to monopolize that.⑳
⑳That's what it means to be a couple, doesn't it?⑳
⑳But I think there's something strange about that.⑳
⑳I mean, we got together to enrichen our lives, didn't we?⑳
⑳I know, right? So it's weird that I've been worrying so much more after we got together.⑳
⑳I mean, that just sounds like I don't trust you.⑳
⑳I need to work to be more mature and become a wonderful girlfriend.⑳
Huh? What's up with my phone?
I checked it to find I had an incoming call from Riria.
But I was talking with Kiko at the moment, so I wasn't in a position to pick up.
⑳What's up?⑳
⑳Looks like Riria's calling.⑳
⑳I wonder what she wants. I'll just text her after.⑳
⑳You don't have to.⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
⑳I doubt it's a big deal. She shouldn't be calling this late at night anyway. It's rude.⑳
Kiko's voice was stone cold. Like someone else had taken over the phone.
That sound sent shivers down my spine.
⑳She's getting full of herself just because you went to visit her.⑳
⑳Did she really think you went to visit her alone? How naïve.⑳
⑳It's because she's in the entertainment industry. She lives in a totally different world from the rest of us.⑳
⑳I don't think you should take anything she says seriously.⑳
⑳Besides, idols are professional fakes. They'll do whatever it takes to make people fall for them.⑳
⑳She talks behind your back. She said she just wanted to tease you because you were an unusual person.⑳
⑳She's a girl who's been working since grade school in a job financed by men. Our worlds are way too different.⑳
⑳Or maybe she doesn't even realize she's tricking you. She just does it out of habit because you're a boy.⑳
⑳So you can't talk to her or text her when I'm not around.⑳
⑳Promise?⑳
I didn't want to believe Kiko would say those kinds of things about Riria.
And naturally, I didn't want to believe Riria prided herself in tricking people, either.
⑳I want you to trust me.⑳
⑳Right now, the two of us are going out.⑳
⑳I would never do anything that would cause misunderstandings between us. I'd never want to make you sad like that.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I'm sorry, Suzumu.⑳
⑳It's not like this is your fault. So you shouldn't be feeling guilty about it.⑳
⑳I mean, the fact she's taken an interest in you just goes to show how attractive you are.⑳
⑳It's my job as your girlfriend to protect you from mosquitos like that. So you don't have to worry about a thing.⑳
⑳Because I'll work my hardest.⑳
⑳...I'm sorry, what was that?⑳
⑳Just talking to myself. Forget it. Aha ha ha.⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha ha. Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
I never could have imagined such hollow laughter from Kiko.
The two of us were only separated by a thin wall.
I could hear some sort of sound coming from her room.
Whack. Whack.
It sounded like someone kicking the bed or something.
⑳Ki...ko...?⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. *pant* *pant*⑳
I could hear labored breathing.
...So, I couldn't tell her.
I definitely couldn't tell her that I'd just received a text from Minobe.
⑳Okay, I'm gonna hang up for tonight. Goodnight, Suzumu.⑳
⑳Y-Yeah. Goodnight...⑳
My phone shook as soon as I hung up.
I'd gotten a text from Riria this time.
I was afraid to check what it said.
Kiko was just on the other side of this wall.
I didn't know how she'd take it if she learned that I'd read texts from the both of them.
I couldn't imagine it at all—No, I was too afraid to imagine it.
Just then, I heard a thud from the next room so loud that it even shook my own a little.
I could hear her indignant roars through the wall.
⑳Don't fuck with me! Pick up, you bitch!⑳
⑳Out of range?! Don't turn your phone off on me, you goddamn slut!⑳
I could hear her as loudly as if she were in this very room.
She must have just called Riria. I was sure of it.
A moment later, the wall shook with a violent kick.
I couldn't tell if she'd kicked it out of rage over Riria... or if she was trying to threaten me.
It would be best to delete the texts without reading them.
But it could have been something important.
So I'd take a quick peek to find out.
And if it wasn't, I'd delete it and forget all about it.
I carefully surveyed my surroundings.
I doubted there was a hole in the wall or anything.
My curtains were shut. I was okay. I'd be fine...
With a loud gulp, I opened the text.
—Texts from Riria Nunokawa (1)
Subject: Thank you for today!
⑳Thank you so much for coming to visit me today, Susuhara!⑳
⑳I am so sorry my room was such a mess. I'm so embarrassed, lol.⑳
⑳Please come back again sometime, okay?!⑳
⑳BTW, were you aware that Harumiya used to be a major delinquent until middle school?⑳
⑳She was a member of a gang of female delinquents known as the Bloodstained Angels.⑳
⑳If you search for 'Bloodstained Angels' and 'Bakiko,' you will find some frightening photos.⑳
⑳...⑳
Where did she find out about that? As if the gossip about Kiko wasn't bad enough already.
The text started out calm, but she stopped using punctuation abruptly, turning the text into walls of letters slandering Kiko.
⑳That girl is crazy. She's insane. Did you know she hurt some people so bad they had to go to the hospital? She has a history with the police, too.⑳
⑳Isn't it crazy how someone like that can put on such a cutesy act its stupid isnt it she should die goddamn pece of shit pisess me off so mch.⑳
...
I knew I shouldn't have looked.
Though my time with the LCSC hadn't been long, I got along with everyone and thought it'd last forever.
I... I didn't want to read something like this.
Riria's text had left a deep scar on my heart.
There was still one more to go. Minobe's text.
Honestly, I was depressed, so I decided to only read the subject.
—Texts from Kanae Minobe (1)
Subject: #1 :)
⑳Huh? What's that mean?⑳
There was also an image attached. What in the world was this?
I carelessly opened the text.
⑳Sorry Suzumun, but I just can't give up on you!⑳
⑳So I decided to cast a charm that will cause you and Kiki to break up peacefully! :D⑳
⑳It's a love charm popular in the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom! It works like a charm—literally!⑳
⑳I'll send you one of these each night till my wish comes true.⑳
⑳Here's the first one! :)⑳
...What she had attached was a photo of a slender, bloodstained left leg.
Was that... Minobe's leg?
Her left leg was sitting on top of a bloody white towel, with a gaping cut in her ankle.
A razor was sitting right next to it. Sh-She must have used that to slice herself open.
⑳Urgh... mgh...⑳
I groaned as bile welled up in my throat.
There was one last message written after the photo.
⑳I'll send you another one tomorrow night. Hope you're looking forward to it!⑳
I threw my phone away and crawled under my covers.
If I didn't stop thinking immediately, these emotions would certainly swallow me whole.
I screamed as I heard a text notification chime.
I didn't want to see another text that night...
Three human figures stood in the classroom illuminated only by the faint moonlight.
They were holding hands, standing in a circle.
A desk with a small candle sitting on top stood between them.
That tiny light illuminated them and projected their shadows onto the classroom wall, looming large like monsters.
They looked both like humans, and like deer standing on their hind legs.
As for why one would think that...
...the shadows had branch-like horns growing out of their heads.
⑳...⑳
⑳Impertinent man-demons...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I have dreamed of revenge for many moons...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I want that child.⑳
⑳Whatever child do you mean?⑳
⑳Let us have a chat.⑳
⑳Yes, let us.⑳
The three horned humans slowly spun around as they sung a tuneless children's song.
Their expressions were completely vacant.
⑳Come over here, mountain deer, mountain deer.⑳
⑳I cannot, I cannot, for there are demons there.⑳
⑳Make a helmet from a pot, mountain deer, mountain deer.⑳
⑳I cannot, I cannot, for my antlers, I fear.⑳
⑳Make cover with your covers, mountain deer, mountain deer.⑳
⑳I cannot, I cannot, for I'm sooty, I fear.⑳
⑳I want that child.⑳
⑳Whatever child do you mean?⑳
⑳Let us have a chat.⑳
⑳Yes, let us.⑳
All of a sudden, they stopped.
A heavy silence descended. None of them so much as moved a muscle.
⑳I want Suzumu.⑳
*snap* *snap*
A sound like the crushing of piled branches resounded.
Kanae had crushed Tsubakiko's fingers.
Yet Tsubakiko didn't even blink.
⑳You cannot have him.⑳
Another snap.
Tsubakiko bent Kanae's fingers back.
⑳I want his soot.⑳
*snap* *snap*
⑳You cannot have his soot.⑳
Another snap, followed by the sound of mashing meat.
⑳Rain down, soot.⑳
⑳Cover the village of man-demons.⑳
⑳Bring forth calamity, cursed soot.⑳
The three kept singing and crushing each other's fingers as though it were some sort of children's game.
They started out in a circle, but that gradually broke apart.
Just then, the three bizarre humanlike creatures started swelling and mixing together.
⑳I want Suzumu.⑳
⑳I want him.⑳
⑳You shall not have him.⑳
They clawed, bit, and tore each other apart.
Loud and wet sounds roared every time they met, and dark splashes painted the walls, blackboard, floor, and desks.
Eventually, the desk with the candle fell over, extinguishing the only light in the room.
The sole illumination left in the pitch-black classroom was the faint strands of moonlight shining through.
All that gleamed through the darkness was the crimson glow of eyes not human.
It was impossible to even tell there were three of them anymore.
They merely continued swaying and eating each other.
Splatters of black blood and chunks of gnawed-off flesh littered the room.
Fingers, skin, earlobes, eyelids, nails, scalps, blood vessels, and entrails were scattered everywhere.
Eventually, the humanlike figures turned into husks.
They convulsed over and over, but it seemed they were no longer capable of killing.
There was too little of them left...
...
...
One of the husks staggered to its feet.
Their whole body had been torn at and gnawed limb from limb, so they couldn't even be called ⑳humanlike⑳ anymore.
All that was left was a shell. A human skeleton clad in bloodstained flesh and blood vessels.
It rose off the ground, looked to the ceiling, and howled.
⑳Yes! Now Suzumu is mine and mine alone!⑳
⑳Suzumu, I love you!⑳
⑳I love you so much, so love me! You belong to me now!⑳
I couldn't make heads or tails of that dream, but it felt real to me.
Kiko's room was unlocked, and her shoes were gone.
She'd gone out on her own in the middle of the night.
I called her phone, but it merely shone in her dark room.
I didn't know where she'd gone, but my nightmare had taken place at school.
I couldn't get a good look in the dark, but it appeared to have been the LCSC's clubroom.
The entryway was probably locked, so I couldn't get in from there.
But the LCSC's clubroom was right by the infirmary.
The infirmary was right in front of where you crossed over the schoolyard. So the clubroom was—
All of a sudden, I thought I saw a small light coming from within the clubroom window.
It wasn't the room's lights. This light was orange and swaying.
I ran over to the window and realized it was fire.
Flames had spread all throughout the clubroom, brightly illuminating the world inside.
At that moment, there was an orange burst, and the window shattered and scattered everywhere like snow.
I ran through that blizzard and jumped into the clubroom.
Crimson flames were slowly burning the room.
And just as I'd seen in my nightmare... Minobe, Riria, and Tsubakiko were in the center—reduced to chunks of meat.
So that really wasn't a dream...
All three of them had fallen for me... and fought over me.
And then... they killed each other here.
I brought about this tragedy...
Kurokami was right.
I was corrupted. Cursed.
So this happened because I got close to them...
And even if I wanted to apologize...
...I couldn't even tell which of them was which anymore.
Just then, the flames swelled higher, like a wave.
And as their scorching winds blazed on through, I felt someone slowly stand up behind me.
I turned around... and saw -her-.
⑳...⑳
⑳Suzumu... I love you...⑳
Her voice and figure were Kiko's.
But that couldn't be.
Because Kiko was already nothing more than a pile of flesh at my feet...
So... no matter how much it looked like her... it wasn't.
But... I couldn't help but see it as her...
⑳I'm sorry, Kiko...⑳
⑳I really am cursed...⑳
⑳It's okay... Suzumu...⑳
⑳This isn't your fault... Because...⑳
⑳...this was set in stone long, long ago. Longer than you could imagine.⑳
⑳This was fate.⑳
⑳So...⑳
⑳...this isn't your fault.⑳
I slowly embraced the girl clad in flames.
Her flames engulfed me, and before long, our shapes became one.
The flames would scorch all, burn them to the ground, and reduce them to soot.
Kiko, Minobe, Riria, me... All of us.
We'd turn to soot, become one... and return to heaven.
...All of us would become one.
⑳I've waited a thousand years.⑳
Huh...?
⑳You finally came for me...⑳
She had been waiting in there for so long.
Trapped in that bronze prison along with the soot for a thousand agonizing years.
(Oh... I see.)
(It's because of her... that I embarked on that long journey...)
In my last moments, I finally realized it:
This was where I was meant to return...
Rokugamihime: Rokugami Princess
The plants, flowers, and even animals were wasting away from the long drought.
The villagers had reached the last of their limited provisions.
The crop fields had lost their vibrancy, and they could expect little from the autumn harvest at this rate.
If they had only been lush, then the villagers could have had hope.
They wanted rain. But more than anything, they wanted food to last them through the day.
The villagers, starved and dehydrated, groveled. All they could do was wait for a blessing from the heavens.
That said, they couldn't just sit back and starve to death, either.
A group of young men with energy to spare fought back their hunger as they prowled the hills and mountains for game and edible plants.
A wounded deer ran through the dead trees covering the mountainside.
⑳It's fleeing! Don't let it escape!⑳
⑳Mutsu, can you catch it?!⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
It was the first prey they'd trapped in a while.
But just when they were about to kill it, it went berserk and tore out of the trap.
Even Mutsu, the fastest and strongest youth in the village, had a hard time catching a wild deer on the run, despite its injuries.
But after leaping over a thin mountain stream, the deer ran out of breath and crouched to the ground.
⑳We've got you now! Give up!⑳
⑳This is—*pant* *pant*—the biggest one we've had in a while.⑳
The young men readied their spears and tried to cross the stream.
But Mutsu shook his head, stopping them.
⑳We cannot. Past this stream is the mountain of Lord Rokugami.⑳
⑳Mutsu...⑳
⑳I know that! But surely even the mountain god will forgive this minor transgression!⑳
⑳The mountain is forbidden territory. Man must not tread upon it.⑳
⑳That is the oath our ancestors took with Lord Rokugami in exchange for being allowed to settle on this land.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I wouldn't want to suffer Lord Rokugami's wrath...⑳
The deer appeared to know the same thing.
It calmly crouched there and stared back at its impotent pursuers.
⑳The mountain of Lord Rokugami must never be tread upon.⑳
That was the sole taboo imposed on the villagers.
It was said that Rokugami—the deer god's—retainers, the golden deer, lived there on the mountain.
The mere act of seeing one would extend your lifespan, and the creatures were worshiped.
But the mountain was holy ground. Bringing earthly corruption onto it would result in wrath most ferocious...
⑳We have no choice. We cannot desecrate the mountain. We must search elsewhere.⑳
⑳We can't go back empty-handed...⑳
⑳Let's split up and try to find some food.⑳
⑳We've already taken nearly everything we can...⑳
⑳Still, we don't have any other options.⑳
⑳Let's do our best.⑳
The young men weakly nodded and split up.
If they didn't eat, they'd die. If they didn't want to die, they'd have to find food.
From a modern perspective, this was an era where death was a constant companion.
But that was just the way things were back then.
Those who were born in those times never questioned them.
Hunger and the ever-present threat of death were only natural.
A certain robust young man had lived in this era.
His name was Mutsu...
There were various theories regarding when the faith centered around the god known as Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto began.
If the oldest writings were to be believed, it already existed at some point between the 8th and 12th centuries.
In other words, over a thousand years ago.
It's likely that the mountain was designated a non-hunting area so as to prevent people from hunting game such as deer to the point of extinction.
Eventually, it became a holy ground, and was revered as a sacred mountain where the deer god—Rokugami—lived.
And that god became known as Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto—the deity enshrined in Iwaimoto Shrine.
⑳Normally, that would mean its spirit resides in that mountain.⑳
⑳So the shrine was built here to worship Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto?⑳
⑳No. The Kurokamis own that mountain, but they don't worship it.⑳
⑳Nobody knows where Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's sacred mountain is.⑳
⑳Local history scholars have done their best, but they still can't find it.⑳
⑳Then what do they actually pray to in there?⑳
⑳Well, that much isn't public. Most of the worshipers have no idea what the real story is.⑳
⑳However, after doing some research, I think I finally figured it out.⑳
⑳I'll tell you later, but it's quite surprising.⑳
It was the Sunday after the Iwaimoto Shopping District's Happy Fun Carnival.
Ms. Hinagata had told me she wanted to talk about something, and so we met at Iwaimoto Shrine.
Last week, I did something... rather shameful.
We'd had a sleepover in order to prepare for an early morning.
However, I must have caught a cold, as the next day, I broke out into a fever that forced me to leave the others and go home early.
Perhaps it was punishment for my frivolous behavior.
Kiko had confessed to me the day before that.
At first, I thought going out with her would make for a good learning experience.
But I was still in the middle of my training. Until I became a full-fledged man, it was too early for love.
I told Kiko that the day of the sleepover.
I'd given her the okay at first, and I appreciated her feelings, but I wanted us to go back to the way we were before.
Kiko was miffed, to say the least.
But eventually, she forgave me with a smile.
I believe I made the right decision.
As for why, I'd had a horrible dream that night that began with us confessing to everyone that we'd started dating.
I'd been having bad dreams since the night before.
It may even have been the same nightmare over and over again.
I ended up hurting Kiko a little.
I would have to reflect on that and continue training hard.
And that brings us to today...
⑳The shintai—the object that houses the god's spirit—is in the main hall. Further in than what you can see.⑳
⑳It's off-limits to the public, of course. It seems forcing it out in the open would invoke its wrath, so they're not allowed.⑳
⑳And that's why we need to pray from the front shrine. So we can pray toward the shintai.⑳
⑳Exactly. Though that's pretty standard for a shrine.⑳
Ms. Hinagata had called me over to the shrine to tell me something in private.
But since it was all related to the shrine itself, I felt like I was on a field trip.
At first, I thought she was going to explain why she'd invited me to join the LCSC.
However...
⑳You sure know a lot about the shrine and local history.⑳
⑳I guess. Let's just say I had a certain connection to it, so I wound up looking into it.⑳
⑳What do you mean by connection?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Honestly, I don't know where to even begin.⑳
⑳I'm still not confident I can explain it in a way you'll believe.⑳
⑳I take it that means it's a story most people wouldn't?⑳
⑳Not a normal person, that's for sure...⑳
⑳That's why I've decided to start from the beginning.⑳
⑳With the ancient history of this region everyone in town is taught in elementary school...⑳
In the end, all they could do was look for edible plants.
But Mutsu refused to be discouraged and went into a thicket to search.
Unlike modern times, people ate whatever they could back then.
They didn't have much of a choice when it came to food.
So finding anything edible would be a boon beyond all reckoning.
⑳If there's anything to be found, that is...⑳
He decided to go a little further.
Anything edible in the easily accessible places had already been taken by others.
So the trick was to look in places harder to reach.
Mutsu looked for edible plants while also searching for animal tracks.
Animals were major targets. Finding a trail meant a chance to trap one.
⑳Though they must be starving, too...⑳
⑳I have to be careful to make sure I don't end up a meal myself.⑳
The bears and wolves were nowhere to be found. They must have left their usual territories to sate their hunger.
Mutsu honed his senses, knowing he was outside his own usual territory as well.
Just then, he heard rustling through the thicket.
(A rabbit? A raccoon dog? Or could it be a wolf?)
Mutsu crouched down, held his breath, and observed carefully.
But in the end... what he saw defied his expectations.
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳Eek!⑳
⑳C-Calm yourself. I am no bandit.⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
She must have been scared by his hunting spear.
Mutsu lowered it and attempted to convey he bore no ill will.
⑳M-My humblest apologies...⑳
Mutsu couldn't take his eyes off her.
What he'd found was a great beauty of an azusa priestess.
⑳Azusa priestesses⑳ referred to wandering shrine priestesses in this era.
As mediums who could channel gods and spirits, they were sanctified and respected.
They were also evangelists, as well as peddlers who brought wisdom and rare goods from afar.
And since they were all beautiful young women, it was said they were gladly welcomed by every village they visited.
⑳What are you doing in a place like this? Are you lost?⑳
⑳P-Please, you must help me. My companion took a wrong step...⑳
The azusa priestess guided Mutsu to a steep slope at the edge of the thicket. At the bottom crouched an elderly priestess.
It seemed she'd gotten lost amidst the animal trails and didn't notice the sudden slope until it was too late.
Fortunately, a tree trunk had broken her fall, but she'd be in real danger if she took another tumble.
⑳Granny! I brought someone!⑳
⑳Thank you, child. Owww...⑳
⑳Did she twist her ankle?⑳
⑳Yes. And her eyesight is poor, so...⑳
⑳Allow me to help.⑳
⑳Hold still, ma'am. I'll be right there.⑳
Mutsu nimbly descended the slope.
He managed to reach the elderly woman with little difficulty.
⑳Are you all right? How bad is your leg?⑳
⑳It's fine. There's nothing wrong with it... Owww...⑳
⑳It's swelling.⑳
⑳Don't try to stand on it. I'll give you a lift.⑳
Mutsu carried the old woman on his back and carefully ascended the slope.
She and her companion's luggage were by no means light, but they weren't anything the robust Mutsu couldn't handle.
So he took his time making it back up.
Eventually, he managed to bring the old woman to the top of the slope.
⑳Granny! Oh no, your leg!⑳
⑳My village is close. I'll carry her there.⑳
⑳Would you really? Thank you so much!⑳
⑳We have to help each other out in times of need.⑳
⑳M-My name is Suzunome. Would you please grant me your own?⑳
⑳It's Mutsu.⑳
⑳Quite the dull name, is it not? It just means 'six,' since I was the sixth-born.⑳
⑳Sir Mutsu...⑳
⑳You have my gratitude. I shall not forget your generosity. Thank you very much, truly.⑳
Mutsu felt a red tinge spread across his cheeks when he saw her smile.
His heart soared for the first time in his life.
Little did they know this would spark a love that would span a millennium...
⑳...⑳
⑳...A thousand years... too late...⑳
*Snap*
A sound akin to a snapping branch resounded from somewhere within the dolls encircling me.
Another doll had broken, unable to endure the soot.
No number of them would be enough.
Even the final doll—my own body—would likely burst in the near future.
⑳Such impertinence, man-demons...⑳
⑳However, after a thousand years, I have finally gathered all this soot...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳There will be no next time.⑳
⑳That impertinent spell shall finally end with you.⑳
⑳...Will...⑳
⑳...my thousand-year suffering... be rendered meaningless...?⑳
⑳Poor girl. Even I cannot help but sympathize with you.⑳
⑳...I don't... need...⑳
⑳...your... pity...⑳
⑳Though your loved one has finally returned after a thousand years.⑳
⑳Is this twist of fate... just another one of your tricks?⑳
⑳A token of appreciation from me to you for fulfilling your destiny as the man-demons' sacrifice for a thousand years.⑳
⑳Non...sense...⑳
⑳Your role in this shall be coming to an end soon, at any rate.⑳
⑳Do you not wish to meet your end locked in the embrace of your beloved?⑳
⑳...Khh...⑳
⑳You want that man to take you, yes?⑳
⑳I want Susuhara... to take me...⑳
⑳I want Suzumun's thick soot...⑳
⑳Pour Suzumu's thick soot inside me... All of it...⑳
⑳If you do not take him, there are others who certainly will...⑳
⑳...Si...lence...⑳
⑳If you don't need him... then I'll take him.⑳
⑳I want Susuhara to take me... to love me...⑳
⑳I want all of Suzumu's thick, sticky soot inside me...⑳
⑳If you do not need him...⑳
⑳Then I guess we'll all take Suzumun from you...⑳
⑳I wonder if Suzumu will love all three of us...⑳
⑳And then... we'll drain every last drop of Susuhara's overflowing soot until we're stuffed...⑳
⑳Until Suzumu is dry...⑳
⑳I want him to love me hard... As hard as he can...⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳I have already stocked up enough soot. It is indeed a shame I did not acquire his...⑳
⑳...but if you do not need him...⑳
⑳...then I suppose you have no qualms if I let them have him?⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳...Go... away... Go a... Go...⑳
⑳...Go...⑳
⑳...a...⑳
My phone must have been ringing for a while.
That sound slowly brought me back, little by little.
⑳...Hello?⑳
⑳You're late! Where the hell are you?!⑳
⑳How long you gonna keep us waitin'?! Get your ass over here!⑳
⑳...I'm sorry, Sir Sho... I am not feeling well...⑳
⑳I don't fuckin' give a shit! You want me to break off the engagement?! Do ya?!⑳
⑳...No... I... don't...⑳
⑳Then start haulin' ass! We're at the usual karaoke joint, you hear?!⑳
⑳Fuckin' hell, don't embarrass me like that!⑳
He angrily hung up.
I needed to marry that man.
⑳How gallant it is that you still devote yourself to that scum.⑳
⑳To an engagement you no longer even need.⑳
⑳...Go a...way...⑳
⑳...⑳
Perhaps the engagement was no longer necessary.
After all, I suspected that it would end with me, before another generation could even begin.
But maybe, just maybe, I could keep holding on.
So I still needed that man, for that slim possibility.
However, even if it didn't conclude with my generation, it could very well just end with the next.
But that was my duty.
That was the sole reason why I—why we—were given life.
It was said that the origins of Iwaimoto Shrine lay in a shrine priestess who married its chief god—Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto—a thousand years ago.
Iwaimoto Shrine was built to celebrate this wedding with a god—according to local history, anyway.
However, when considering the size of the village back then, it was hard to believe that any priestess would be stationed in a place so small.
It was considered more likely they were a poor farming village, and that said shrine priestess was in fact a traveling azusa priestess.
⑳I do not know how I can ever repay you, Sir Mutsu.⑳
⑳I fear to imagine what might have transpired had nightfall come. You truly are our savior.⑳
⑳I'm happy I could be of service to you. I hope your companion's leg heals quickly.⑳
The old woman's leg was swollen to the point where she couldn't even stand.
What's more, she'd developed a fever, either from her wound or exhaustion.
Thus, she and Suzunome would stay in this village until she healed.
Normally, visitors would be shunned in this time of famine.
However, it was a different story with azusa priestesses involved.
⑳The villagers will be expecting you to pray for rain.⑳
⑳This region certainly seems to be suffering from a horrible drought...⑳
⑳All we need is some rain or sustenance to save us.⑳
⑳I'm sure your prayers will be answered once they reach the heavens.⑳
The prayers of azusa priestesses were a legitimate business.
A village as poor as this couldn't possibly afford one.
So it seemed the mayor and the others were hoping they could ask for help in exchange for letting the old woman stay until she recovered.
⑳I'm still in training, and do not even begin to reach Granny's level...⑳
⑳But if you don't mind that, then I, Suzunome, would like to do all in my power to repay this favor.⑳
⑳That's wonderful. Everyone will be pleased.⑳
⑳Please, ask the gods for rain.⑳
⑳My skill is in channeling.⑳
⑳So it will have to be the villagers who do the asking.⑳
⑳Channeling?⑳
⑳A secret art taught to us that allows communication with gods and spirits.⑳
Nowadays, people who'd inherited such talents were known as shamans.
Long ago, there were many who wished to converse with the gods, or their departed loved ones.
Thus, these women were prized for their ability to allow such beings to possess them.
⑳You can do something like that? Amazing.⑳
⑳Truly? I think someone who can carry an elderly woman up such a steep slope is more amazing.⑳
⑳You think so?⑳
⑳All I can do is channel gods and spirits.⑳
⑳I could never flip over a betta as skillfully as you can.⑳
⑳It's your turn, Mutsu! C'mon, Mutsu!⑳
⑳All right, leave it to me. I'll turn this around right here and now.⑳
Mutsu had been playing a game with the village children.
It was a local game popular with the youth, known as betta.
One took discs made of knitted rice straw the size of a child's palm—the ⑳betta⑳ in question—and threw them at the ground.
It seemed it'd evolved from a game where you did the same, but with old broken sandals.
You won by flipping over your opponent's betta with the force of your throw. It was similar to the game ⑳menko⑳ played in 20th century Japan.
Food was indeed short, and the adults were seized with fear at not knowing what would come next.
But children were resilient, no matter how dark the times.
Even amidst famine, they played their hearts out.
⑳Okay. Yaah!⑳
A crunching sound followed.
The two bettas—the one thrown and the one lying on the ground— sprung up lightly.
All bettas had a flipside. The side sticking up was known as the ⑳male,⑳ while the side facing the ground was known as the ⑳female.⑳
If you could reverse the positions of your opponent's betta, you won.
⑳It seems the bottom is facing up now, huh?⑳
⑳That's right. That is how you win points.⑳
⑳Mutsu's been a master of betta for ages!⑳
⑳He's almost never had a beecha before.⑳
⑳Beecha⑳ referred to when you flipped your opponent's betta but it landed in the same position it had been in before, resulting in no points.
⑳It's all in the wrist. You don't need to put a lot of strength into it.⑳
⑳In fact, it's best to do it a little lightly.⑳
Mutsu's turn came again. ⑳Look closely,⑳ he said as he threw his betta skillfully.
His opponent's betta flew up only slightly, yet it perfectly flipped over.
Using too much strength would have left the result purely up to luck, like flipping a coin.
However, not just anyone could imitate that throw.
Thanks to that skill, Mutsu had been the best betta player in the village since he was a child.
⑳Will you play, Lady Priestess?⑳
⑳Yeah, play betta with us!⑳
⑳Me? Do you really think I can do it?⑳
⑳Of course you can. It's so simple even a beginner like you can play it, Lady Suzunome.⑳
⑳Oh, I'm still in training. I'm not worthy of being called 'Lady.'⑳
⑳But it looks fun. I would most certainly love to join in.⑳
⑳You can use my betta.⑳
⑳Thank you very much.⑳
⑳Oh, so this is a betta. It seems so fun.⑳
Suzunome's face lit up with keen curiosity, a smile befitting a maiden her age gracing her features.
Though she was a priestess, she had apparently been just another village girl as a child.
She had run around hills and fields, chased rabbits, and laid on the prairie while eating fruit from trees.
⑳So I just throw this, right?⑳
⑳That's right. Aim at any of the betta there on the ground.⑳
⑳You said you needed to be wary of how much strength you used, yes? This is difficult...⑳
⑳Ha ha ha. You shouldn't think too hard about it for now. Just throw.⑳
⑳It takes some experience to hit a betta at first.⑳
⑳Then I shall go. Mmmmm...⑳
⑳Yah!⑳
With a crack, a betta sprung into the air.
The children gasped in amazement.
After all, Suzunome's throw had just flipped over her opponent's betta as though it were light as a feather.
⑳Ohh, I did it! That felt good. Well? How was that? Did I get a point?⑳
⑳Yeah. That was amazing! Well done!⑳
⑳You're so amazing! That was so great!⑳
⑳You get to go again if you score. So if you will, Lady Suzunome—Oh, wait.⑳
⑳You asked not to be called 'Lady,' right?⑳
⑳Yes. Just call me Suzunome, Sir Mutsu.⑳
⑳If I don't have to call you Lady, then you don't have to call me 'Sir,' either.⑳
⑳All right. Please go on, Mutsu.⑳
⑳Right. As I was saying, you get to go again, Suzunome.⑳
⑳Understood. Then here I go.⑳
⑳Mmmmm... Ryaaah!⑳
⑳Wow, you're incredible!⑳
⑳...Amazing. You flipped it again.⑳
⑳And here I had trouble just hitting it when I started out.⑳
⑳Here I go again. Haah!⑳
⑳T-Talk about beginner's luck...⑳
⑳I flipped it again! Here I go again! Ryaaaaah!⑳
⑳You're incredible! She must be a betta genius!⑳
⑳Maybe Mutsu isn't all that impressive after all?⑳
⑳Well, he's an adult. Maybe all adults are that good at it?⑳
⑳Betta is so much fun. It's quite easy to play, isn't it?⑳
⑳Huh? Mutsu?⑳
Mutsu, the man hailed by the village children as a betta master, stood there pitifully as his pride was shattered to pieces.
⑳Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su...⑳
⑳Suzunome! I challenge you!⑳
⑳A-All right, a-as you wish!⑳
A thunderous crack split the air.
⑳Oh, that was a beecha, wasn't it? Beecha, beecha!⑳
⑳Mmgh, I used too much strength!⑳
⑳Then it's my turn, is it not? Here I come!⑳
Another thunderous crack followed!
⑳She's so amazing! She's a genius!⑳
⑳Don't give up, Mutsu! You're the best of us all!⑳
⑳Hey, that one was a beecha! Beecha, beecha!⑳
⑳No it wasn't! It was upside-down from the start!⑳
⑳It wasn't a beecha. The lady priestess is right.⑳
⑳Mutsu, you're embarrassing yourself.⑳
⑳Mghhhhhhhhhhhhhh, rghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
⑳There's only one more left, is there not? If I flip this one, then the children will lose all respect for you.⑳
(A-Accursed wench! I worked hard to become the best betta player around! I will not be bested by the likes of you!)
(Mutsu, did you seriously believe this game was unique to this village?)
(Su-Suzunome! You fiend! You're an expert at this, aren't you?!)
(I have no need to tell you!)
Suzunome's betta let out a sharp crack as it struck the ground, and the final betta flew high into the sky!
Would Mutsu's betta flip?! Or would it be a beecha?!
(Perfect strength, perfect jump, perfect rotation! Victory is mine, Mutsu!)
(How foolish to think you've already won!)
(It would seem they didn't teach you this in your village!)
(The ultimate skill passed through the world of betta!)
(Impossible!)
All of a sudden, Mutsu caught his falling betta and threw it at Suzunome's!
⑳Taste the power of the super ultimate secret technique! Stardust Shot!⑳
⑳Heh heh heh heh heh!⑳
⑳What?! What's so funny?!⑳
⑳So that's what they call that skill in this region! But in my village, it is no secret, nor is it the ultimate technique!⑳
⑳Fear the true secret technique devised to counter it!⑳
Suzunome jumped high—higher than the betta sent flying up by Mutsu's Stardust Shot!
⑳Time for the true super ultimate secret technique! This shall send your immortal legend to the grave, Mutsu!⑳
⑳Eat this! Climax Sunshine Strike!⑳
The betta howled as it sliced through the sound barrier!
And with a wham, it smashed into the ground with great force, shooting clouds of dust into the air!
Who was the winner?! Was it Mutsu?! Or Suzunome?!
The two of them landed one after another.
And a few seconds later, their bettas landed on the ground for good.
Only now would the result be revealed.
⑳A tie... is it?⑳
⑳No, that's wrong. Only you got a beecha.⑳
⑳No. You had a beecha, too.⑳
⑳Wrong. You're the only one with a beecha here.⑳
⑳You. Are. Absolutely. Wrong! Only you got a beecha!⑳
⑳Wrong! You're the only beecha here! Beecha, beecha!⑳
⑳We'll let the children be the judge of that. Which of us won?⑳
⑳It was me, right?! You all saw, didn't you?!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳It was so amazing that I couldn't tell...⑳
The adult thing to do in this situation would be to call it a draw, but...
⑳You had the beecha, Suzunome!⑳
⑳No, you were the only one with a beecha, Mutsu!⑳
⑳No, you were! Beecha, beecha!⑳
⑳How wrong you are, Mutsu! Beecha, beecha, beecha, beecha!⑳
A young man and woman were shouting ⑳beecha⑳ at each other back and forth in the village square.
Villagers had gathered from a distance to see what was going on. Some were laughing, while others grinned and awkwardly looked away.
⑳No, you got the beecha, so I beat you! Beecha, beecha!⑳
⑳No, I beat you! Beecha beecha, beecha, beecha!⑳
⑳Heh heh. It must be nice being so young. Mutsu's at that flirtin' age, I suppose.⑳
⑳But it sounds like there's trouble in paradise already. Ha ha ha!⑳
Eventually, the two of them finally realized just how foolish they were acting.
They suddenly blushed and became lost for words.
Not knowing what to do, they faced the villagers surrounding them and bowed.
And then they ran off as fast they could.
They wanted to find some hole to hide in, and would go as far as needed to find one.
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳Aha ha ha...⑳
⑳Hee hee hee...⑳
The pair started laughing and threw themselves onto the prairie.
They looked up and watched as the sky slowly but surely changed from orange to violet.
The two talked about themselves until the sun set.
Suzunome hadn't always been destined to be an azusa priestess.
Apparently, she was born and raised as an ordinary village girl until she was discovered by a band of azusa priestesses and began training with them.
She'd been certain that she'd developed a fully composed personality, one completely devoted to serving those above...
...but as the day's events had proven, the part of her that loved playing games still remained deep down.
⑳Thank you, Mutsu. It's truly been so long since I've played to my heart's content.⑳
⑳I had so much fun.⑳
⑳Me too.⑳
⑳Though I'm always playing around like that, I guess.⑳
⑳In my village, they called that batta, not betta.⑳
⑳They used to call me the Avatar of Batta. I never imagined I'd meet someone who could rival my skills.⑳
⑳Ha ha ha. The world sure is a big place, huh? Far too big for you to be completely unrivaled.⑳
⑳How I envy you, Suzunome. I wish I could travel around and broaden my horizons, too.⑳
⑳Well, it is a mite tiring.⑳
⑳At first, it was all so fascinating and fun...⑳
⑳However, there have been times where I don't enjoy it, like when I think about how I'll still be living on the road at Granny's age.⑳
⑳Luggage is heavy, and the roads are dangerous.⑳
⑳I feel at ease when it's only Granny and I traveling together, but it gets tiring when there are more girls my age around.⑳
⑳Azusa priestesses don't have people to carry their luggage for them?⑳
⑳I've heard the wealthy ones can afford male companions to both carry their luggage and protect them.⑳
⑳Huh. So the concept of wealth exists even amongst azusa priestesses.⑳
Though known collectively as ⑳azusa priestesses,⑳ there were in fact a wide variety of them.
The most common type were groups hired by large villages to come visit them at fixed intervals.
But there were also those who acted as missionaries, trying to spread the word of the gods to more backwater villages.
There were also those who traveled with peddlers, as well as those who worked as women of easy virtue.
Suzunome and her companion had once belonged to a large group.
But being in such a large party created a lot of discord.
Tired of that, Suzunome had left them along with ⑳Granny⑳—the woman she considered her mentor—and begun a journey with her, which resulted in her meeting Mutsu.
⑳A journey with only an elderly woman and a young lady truly is dangerous.⑳
⑳We are truly blessed that you saved us when you did.⑳
⑳It can be dangerous around here. Many bears and wolves roam these parts.⑳
⑳I would rather deal with those than bandits.⑳
⑳That would have been terrifying.⑳
⑳If we had someone like you with us...⑳
⑳...he could carry our bags, and even defend us when the going gets tough.⑳
⑳Going on a journey with you? That sounds nice. I'd like that.⑳
Of course, they both knew it was a pipe dream.
In this era, villagers had to prepare food not just for themselves, but for the annual tribute, too.
A man in the prime of his life like Mutsu was valuable to his family.
If he were gone, then it would fall upon his elderly parents to do the work in his place.
⑳I'd like to go on a journey, too.⑳
⑳I used to have the same dream.⑳
⑳You don't enjoy actually doing it?⑳
⑳It depends on who I'm with, I suppose.⑳
⑳It's not any fun when I don't get along with my traveling companions.⑳
⑳But when I do, it's so, so much fun...⑳
The two looked into each other's eyes.
From that alone, they could tell what they were feeling—what they both wanted.
However, it could never be.
The old woman's leg wasn't healing quickly, so Suzunome would likely remain around for a while.
But eventually, she'd have to return to the road.
Mutsu couldn't join her. Fate dictated that he'd have to watch her leave.
⑳Once you go back on your journey, will we never meet again?⑳
⑳I swear I will return to this village someday.⑳
⑳But even if you do, you'll just have to leave again, right?⑳
⑳Well... that's my duty as an azusa priestess.⑳
⑳There are people everywhere who need us. And it is our job to help them.⑳
⑳Yeah. You're right...⑳
Mutsu knew he couldn't be selfish and say that he wanted her all to himself.
When she saw his face dim slightly, Suzunome gave an encouraging smile.
⑳So...⑳
⑳...until the day comes when you can travel with me...⑳
⑳...I will keep coming back to this village, no matter how many journeys I take. Always.⑳
⑳Suzunome...⑳
The sky was painted over in the colors of night by this point.
Under it, the pair's silhouettes appeared to overlap...
From that day onward, the two continued their trysts, making the most of their limited time.
Journeys were harsh in this era. No matter how much she promised to see him again, they knew there was no guarantee of that.
⑳Then maybe I should just stay in this village...⑳
Suzunome entertained that notion many a time.
But there were people counting on her.
People who eagerly awaited the arrival of an azusa priestess.
And of course, there was no way she could just abandon the journey and leave her elderly companion to continue it alone.
Mutsu wouldn't dare tell her he wanted her to abandon her noble mission and take her for his own, either.
So he put his faith in their reunion, and vowed not to waste a single moment of their time together.
Even when the moon shone bright around them, the pair did not separate.
The old woman's leg wasn't getting any better.
Perhaps the strain of the long journey had caught up with her. She'd broken out into a fever, and was showing no signs of recovery.
It pained Suzunome's heart to know they had brought even more mouths to feed to a starving village.
Picking up on that, the village elders asked her to pray for rain.
⑳I understand. I shall accept.⑳
⑳Oh, thank you!⑳
⑳But I am afraid that I am unable to pray for rain myself.⑳
⑳I am only capable of channeling the guardian deity of this land.⑳
⑳Which means... you can bring Lord Rokugami into your body?⑳
⑳We can speak to Lord Rokugami?⑳
⑳In other words, whether we see rain in our future...⑳
⑳...depends on whether our pleas reach Lord Rokugami's heart, yes?⑳
⑳Correct.⑳
⑳If you all possess reverence and genuine fear for your futures, I guarantee your pleas will not fall on deaf ears.⑳
⑳*murmur* *murmur*⑳
The villagers were abuzz with fear and anxiety.
They were daunted by the prospect of having to speak to a being so awe-inspiring as their very own god...
The mayor calmed them down.
They had no other choice. Without rain, they couldn't count on the autumn harvest.
But if they knew they just had to hold out until autumn, they could find hope again.
⑳We are counting on you, Lady Priestess...⑳
⑳Understood.⑳
There was an abandoned temple near the village.
Now, you may be wondering why someone would build a temple in such a remote location.
Well, some distinguished monks came from the capital and mentioned that it would be the perfect spot for a temple. That's all there was to it.
But right before the temple was to be completed, part of it burned down under suspicious circumstances.
It seemed it hadn't been very popular.
The bad luck didn't end there. At some point, the virtuous monks collapsed from illness.
As a result, they departed the land, leaving only an unused temple behind.
Thus, in this village, that temple was the most fitting place for divine rituals.
On the night of the ritual, the villagers gathered there out of curiosity.
Before long, a god would appear and speak before them.
It was awe-inspiring, and yet something no one ever wished to have to resort to again.
As the anxious villagers clamored around the main temple hall, Suzunome began the solemn ritual.
She chanted the prayer aloud to summon Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto.
Next, she took out a small bow known as an azusa yumi—a spirit bow—and grabbed the string.
Using something akin to a small pole, she strung the bow until it was taut—not like she was about to fire it, but rather like playing an instrument.
The hall resounded with a shrill noise, the likes of which had never been heard before.
⑳Will this really summon Lord Rokugami?⑳
⑳Quiet. You'll distract her.⑳
The whispers of the villagers died down one after another by that majestic sound.
Before long, the air was filled with an austere presence befitting the advent of a god.
Suzunome, who had been putting her all into stringing the bow, suddenly lowered her head, and began shaking from head to toe.
Her eyes widened as she convulsed and started groaning.
The villagers, fearing she might be possessed by an evil spirit, could only watch with bated breath.
And then she went limp.
Quietly, she slowly rose to her feet, her demeanor completely different from before.
When she turned around...
...her expression was no longer that of the sweet young woman everyone had seen mere minutes prior.
A long silence followed.
No one dared speak, least of all blink or twitch.
Eventually... she broke the silence.
⑳I am Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto...⑳
⑳Prostrate yourselves, children of man.⑳
Her intensity was not that of Suzunome.
There was no more doubt about it. A god now dwelled within her body.
⑳Oh... Lord Rokugami...⑳
⑳We are the villagers who live on the base of the mountain...⑳
The mayor humbled himself as he informed Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto of the village's plight.
⑳I am not the god who governs the rains.⑳
⑳Thus, I cannot bring about such a blessing.⑳
⑳Oh... Then when will we next see rain?⑳
⑳The rain clouds are distant.⑳
⑳You will certainly be graced with rain, but that is still some time away.⑳
⑳Then... what of the autumn harvest?⑳
⑳A modest harvest awaits you.⑳
⑳Should you store and ration it carefully, the village will certainly survive.⑳
There would be crops in the fall.
Everyone looked at each other with relief at this beacon of hope.
Now that they had hope for the future, their concerns turned to the present, naturally.
⑳But Lord Rokugami... We are already struggling to get by as-is.⑳
⑳At this rate, the villagers will grow weaker and weaker and succumb to illness...⑳
⑳It will be very difficult to hold out until autumn. Please, help us...⑳
⑳Please give unto us our daily bread...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You have done well to revere me and not bring your earthly corruption into my mountain.⑳
⑳I would be willing to requite you for your labor.⑳
⑳Please... Grace us with your benevolence...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳For seven days from the night of the full moon on, I shall send unto you deer who serve me.⑳
⑳Distribute their flesh amongst the villagers.⑳
⑳Do this, and you will have food enough to last until the autumn harvest.⑳
And with those words, Suzunome's body slowly went limp until she collapsed to the ground.
Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto had vowed its charity unto the villagers.
And then came the night of the full moon.
The god's envoy appeared before the waiting villagers.
It was a creature of legend said to live on the forbidden mountain—the golden deer.
The villagers were rendered speechless by its heavenly appearance.
The buck's antlers were strong and firm, like the branches of a great tree.
Their solid-gold glitter shone around the village like a scene straight out of a dream.
Its eyes gleamed red like rubies, and though it was a deer, one couldn't help but kneel before its divine presence.
Its fur was also golden, sparkling brilliantly with each movement of its body.
It was the emissary of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto, rumored to extend one's life by the mere sight of it.
Every last villager prostrated themselves before it.
Suzunome slowly walked forward...
...and spoke to it.
Before long, she turned around and conveyed its message to the villagers.
⑳The sacred deer has spoken thusly:⑳
⑳'Carve up my flesh, smoke it with fumes, and store it.'⑳
⑳'A single bite of my bountiful flesh shall remedy your hunger.'⑳
⑳'Then, strip me of my golden antlers and fur, and trade them for money.'⑳
⑳'Use it to help sustain yourselves until the coming of the autumn harvest.'⑳
For the next seven days, they were visited by a new golden deer each night.
Doing as they were told, the villagers smoked the meat and stored it.
They presented the golden antlers and furs to nobles from the capital and managed to exchange them for vast sums of money.
With those, the villagers were saved from famine and managed to keep their home alive...
⑳I never knew they had that sort of legend around here...⑳
⑳That's why the elderly people in this region never eat venison.⑳
⑳For they claim deer are god's sacred messengers.⑳
⑳Not that modern-day deer makes for good venison anyway.⑳
⑳The vendors on the way to the shrine sell deer-themed novelties like deer steamed buns or deer natto.⑳
⑳However, some of the elderly frown upon putting the name of the sacred deer on food products.⑳
⑳So they continue to thank the deer god for saving them from famine to this day, huh?⑳
⑳Well, the story I just told you was the version conveniently edited by later generations.⑳
⑳Edited?⑳
⑳That's right. In fact, this shrine's name isn't something so nice-sounding as 'Iwaimoto Shrine' to begin with.⑳
⑳Its true name is Noroimoto Shrine.⑳
⑳Noroi—as in a curse?⑳
⑳That's right.⑳
⑳No one really gave the name any thought back in the days when outsiders were few and far between.⑳
⑳But once roads started passing through the village by the 17th century or so, they were worried the name would give them a negative image, and thus decided to change it.⑳
⑳So they took the character for 'noroi,' or 'curse,' and swapped it out for a similar character with more positive connotations—'iwai,' or 'celebration.'⑳
⑳It was at this time that they revised the story regarding the history of Noroimoto Shrine.⑳
⑳The result was the legend I just told you.⑳
⑳So by 'edited,' you mean they changed part of the original story?⑳
⑳More like they abridged it.⑳
⑳Famine occurred, and the village was saved by the arrival of the sacred deer.⑳
⑳Everything that happened afterwards was neatly cut out.⑳
⑳So that means the legend didn't end there?⑳
⑳Bingo.⑳
⑳It didn't just end after the villagers overcame their famine.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳By the way, the shintai in this shrine isn't the god who lived on that mountain, nor is it the deer who saved the village.⑳
⑳So, what do you think it is?⑳
⑳I couldn't even begin to guess.⑳
⑳I'll just tell you the answer. It's a bell.⑳
⑳A bell?⑳
⑳To be more exact, a hanging bell from a temple.⑳
⑳The bell from the abandoned temple that was in this village long ago.⑳
⑳That's this shrine's shintai.⑳
⑳But... why something like that?⑳
⑳The pamphlet for the shrine has some passable story about how people offered it up as thanks to the god here.⑳
⑳But when you really think about it, that doesn't add up.⑳
This was a shrine for worshiping the deer god known as Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto.
And there was a legend that said his deer saved the people from famine.
But then why had the shrine been named after a curse? Why would its sacred shintai be a hanging bell from an abandoned temple? It didn't add up at all.
Something was missing, just like Ms. Hinagata was alluding to.
⑳Local history compilers from before the war conducted some research. Finding their work was a real pain.⑳
⑳The Kurokami family, who have run the shrine for generations, put so much pressure on them to suppress their findings that you could call it persecution.⑳
⑳Because they didn't like them raking up some grim legend?⑳
⑳Most likely.⑳
⑳The Kurokamis probably didn't want to be exposed to curious self-proclaimed researchers and have unwanted attention brought upon themselves.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳What happened?⑳
⑳The greed of mankind was met by divine wrath.⑳
⑳And man's repulsive nature gave it a run for its money.⑳
The people were saved by the meat from the sacred deer.
The capital's nobles were enamored with the golden antlers and furs, and paid handsomely for them.
The people managed to live modestly off of that, and survived the famine...
...
However, things didn't end there.
A single bite from the deer meat cured their hunger.
But man's desire knows no bounds. Once their desire for food was sated, their minds became occupied with their desire for wealth.
The village elders were awed by the unimaginable riches they'd earned from trading the golden antlers and furs.
What's more, the nobles had asked them:
⑳Do you have any more?⑳
If they brought more golden antlers and fur, they could sell them for a hefty price...
The villagers had only lived modestly so far because they'd had no other choice.
But faced with the prospects of earning a king's ransom, their greed drowned out their gratitude toward their god.
⑳No! We cannot desecrate the mountain!⑳
⑳There should be more golden deer up there, though.⑳
⑳It's a big mountain. There must be a hundred of them...⑳
⑳But we'll be cursed if we trespass!⑳
⑳I'm not afraid of some curse!⑳
⑳Besides, we don't even know if Lord Rokugami is really there...⑳
⑳He's right. Maybe it was just coincidence that the golden deer wandered into our village after the priestess's channeling.⑳
It is in man's nature to look to the future over the past.
Future prospects are far more important than offering thanks to that which has come and gone.
Up until now, the villagers had feared and revered the mountain as Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's sacred home.
Yet they'd completely forgotten their dutiful thanks and were wearing their greed on their sleeves.
A picture scroll from the 17th century obtained by the aforementioned researchers told the true story.
It depicted the gruesome slaughter that had unfolded on that mountain—the hunting of the golden deer.
Here's some irony. What word do you get when you combine the characters for ⑳gold⑳ and ⑳deer?⑳
The answer...
...is ⑳massacre.⑳
⑳Brother, please reconsider...⑳
⑳She's right. You needn't go so far for the humans.⑳
⑳I must.⑳
⑳We must respect each other and keep our distance if we are to live in unity.⑳
⑳But the drought brings us equal suffering.⑳
⑳So why are we the only ones who must offer aid? I do not understand.⑳
⑳The humans honor us and have refused to desecrate our land even in this time of famine.⑳
⑳Should we fail to reward them for that, their reverence for us shall wane.⑳
⑳The age of gods is long over. Our kind is overdue to perish.⑳
⑳And yet their ancestors swore not to trespass on our land. Without seeking anything in return.⑳
⑳But to offer up our flesh as that reward...⑳
⑳She is right. Why must you die for the humans, Brother?⑳
⑳We discussed this. Starting with me, the seven eldest of us will descend upon the man-village.⑳
⑳That shall grant them enough nourishment to last until the autumn harvest.⑳
⑳My flesh and blood shall not belong to them alone.⑳
⑳It will renew their reverence for us and bring us peace.⑳
⑳Brother...⑳
⑳There are also those due to give birth soon. The loss of us seven shall grant them more food to produce greater milk.⑳
⑳Once we have departed, I leave the mountain to you.⑳
⑳Brother...⑳
⑳I swear it. I vow our clan shall prosper in your absence.⑳
But they could not keep that promise.
Over seven days, seven sacrifices were sent, believing they were fulfilling their duty.
But they had no way of knowing their sacrifices would be in vain...
They could have never imagined that they were stirring man's greed even further.
It happened on a night where the moon appeared red.
As desolate winds blew, the villagers, carrying torches, all passed over the stream to the forbidden mountain.
That mere act sent the creatures living there into a frenzy.
For all of them had wholeheartedly believed...
...that the humans would never cross the stream.
The mob roared as they roused the animals.
The golden deer instantly understood the situation from the commotion...
...and learned that their trust had been betrayed.
Both Suzunome and Mutsu had been opposed to it.
But their words had fallen on the deaf ears of those blinded by greed.
Since the village was taking care of her, Suzunome could do little to protest.
And since Mutsu was a member of the village, he was unable to fight against their shared conviction.
Back in those days, your village was your family, and their fate was yours.
Opposing them would mean getting both yourself and your family ostracized. Mutsu knew that.
So even though he didn't want to, he had no choice but to partake in the mountain hunt.
The creatures of the mountain scrambled in fear down the animal trails on the opposite slope.
There, they were caught in large nets.
It was an ambush pincer attack, designed to lure them into traps and round them up whole.
Of course, what the villagers truly wanted were the golden deer.
But in this time of famine, they didn't mind taking whatever they could catch.
They planned to hunt the whole mountain dry.
The agitated animals were caught by the herd in traps one after another.
The dying screams of their slaughter resounded without any end in sight.
The golden deer looked down on this horrifying scene.
⑳How horrid...⑳
⑳Sister, we cannot stay here any longer.⑳
⑳Let us abandon this mountain. We still have time to flee into the northern valley.⑳
⑳But the children of man live there. It is not our land.⑳
⑳The children of man have broken their oath. Thus, we no longer have to oblige by ours.⑳
⑳Indeed. Now that they have desecrated our land, no one can reproach us for doing the same.⑳
⑳We cannot.⑳
⑳Sister...⑳
⑳If we broke our own oath simply because they did, that would make us no different from them.⑳
⑳We are a proud clan that has lived since the age of gods. We cannot allow ourselves to abandon that pride.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳But my heart is marred with vexation.⑳
⑳This cannot be what our siblings gave their lives for.⑳
⑳I can only pity them for placing their faith in the children of man.⑳
⑳No. These are no children of man.⑳
⑳They are demons in human flesh... Man-demons.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳We shall not break our vow. We shall not degrade ourselves to the level of these man-demons.⑳
⑳We shall teach them that our pride cannot be sullied by their evil...⑳
⑳Look! A herd of golden deer!⑳
⑳After them! Don't let a single one get away!⑳
The villagers' greedy eyes gleamed through the darkness, looking exactly like those of demons.
The herd of golden deer suddenly took off and scattered across the mountain.
But their golden fur shone too brightly in the moonlight.
They couldn't escape the avaricious glares of the man-demons.
One deer collapsed in exhaustion. One fell and broke its legs. And one by one, they were captured.
The final members of the herd were cornered at the stream.
If they crossed the stream, they could likely flee to safety.
But that was the humans' land.
They had gained that land in exchange for promising they wouldn't trespass upon any others.
And so the golden deer kept their pride to the bitter end.
They were all captured with their backs to the stream.
⑳Stupid deer! They can't even cross a stream!⑳
⑳This is what they get for thinking we'd never tread on their mountain!⑳
⑳We caught them all! Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
The deer's legs were bound, and the humans carried them upside down on long poles.
It was a disgraceful end to the sacred deer who'd lived since the age of gods...
⑳We'll be rich as kings with this many of them!⑳
⑳Those does sure have a lot of fur, huh? Be careful not to damage it!⑳
The deer were hung in succession over skinning tables set up in the village.
Next, the villagers smashed them over the head and killed them.
They were no kinder to the fawns, either.
Even the newborns were slaughtered mercilessly.
Families were forced to watch their own children murdered one after another as they waited for their own turn to come.
It was said the deer shed bitter tears, but no extant records speculate on their feelings...
⑳We do not care what happens to us, but please, at least spare the children!⑳
⑳Show them mercy, and we shall hold no grudge for whatever you may do with our bodies!⑳
⑳Please... Please... Spare—⑳
⑳Agh... Ghhagh...⑳
*crunch*
*crunch* *crunch* *crunch* *crunch*
They smashed their skulls with countless swings of their axes.
⑳Those deer sure know how to howl! Come on, bring the next one here!⑳
⑳Accursed man-demons... We shall never forget this atrocity!⑳
⑳Their meat sure was nothing short of a miracle. What if their blood's the same?⑳
⑳Maybe we'll be blessed with long life if we drink it!⑳
Blades were thrust into their defenseless bellies.
Blood gushed out of those gaping wounds.
The villagers lapped away and licked it up, staining their lips foul crimson.
⑳Ugh, it tastes disgusting. Can't see us getting blessed from this.⑳
⑳Die...⑳
⑳I shall not permit any further humiliation...⑳
⑳I want to just smoke the meat and eat that stuff again already!⑳
⑳My mouth's watering just thinking about that delicious flesh!⑳
The axe was raised, and the moon was split.
⑳Sister... I go first...⑳
The sound of a skull shattering resounded, followed by the hiss of blood gushing.
⑳Ha, ha ha! Just one more to go!⑳
⑳Who'd have ever guessed there was this huge treasure trove just lying around next door? Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
The final doe had been forced to see all that'd transpired.
The whole clan being captured. Family young and old alike being slaughtered.
Their fur skinned. Their flesh carved up.
The ecstasy of the man-demons at these acts, their expressions something not of this world.
And last but not least... the axe coming down on her own head.
Her life was coming to an end, and all the while she witnessed her adorable siblings being skinned.
She wept bitterly... and unleashed one final scream.
⑳Contemptible humans! Accursed man-demons!⑳
⑳I—We are Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto, the guardian deity of this land!⑳
⑳Our grudge shall fester until the end of time! Divine punishment will fall upon you!⑳
⑳Tremble before our wrath! And suffer—⑳
⑳What a noisy deer.⑳
⑳A-Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
Right after they shattered the final doe's skull, the villagers fell to the ground in shock.
Something akin to black soot burst out of the wound on the doe's head like a geyser and shot straight up into the sky.
The surroundings were filled with a stench the likes of which none had ever smelled before.
Even after it had covered the sky and blotted out the moon, the smoke-like substance continued to gush forward.
All the villagers fell to their knees and trembled at the belated realization of their own sinful natures.
This was wrath. Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's divine punishment.
Eventually, something like black feathers began to rain down on the village.
Was it snow?
No... It was pitch-black soot, falling like large snowflakes.
Once it started raining on them, the villagers panicked and fled into their own homes.
They believed they'd be cursed if it touched them.
The village square was devoid of people.
What remained were the gruesome corpses of deer, hung over bonfires.
Their extracted entrails. Pools of blood. Skinned meat and fur.
The snow of soot piled on top of them all.
It continued jetting out of the doe's head with the same ferocity as before.
Everyone must have hoped it was all a bad dream.
They timidly poked their heads out the next morning to find a sky so clear it made the night's events seem a fantasy.
But no one was foolish enough to dismiss them as such.
Not when the whole village was covered in a thick blanket of pitch-black soot...
It wasn't just the houses. The square, the fields—all were the same.
Everything in the village was coated in soot, as if it were a painting someone had spilled ink all over.
Eventually, the winds blew it away, but the stains left by the soot's filth didn't fade.
⑳What in the world is this...?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I feel like something horrible—horrible beyond our wildest dreams—is happening now...⑳
⑳Oh no! This is terrible! Look! The golden pelts!⑳
Villagers were screaming in the square.
No matter how much they pounded the sooty pelts, they never regained their former luster.
They hadn't been smeared black by the soot. In the course of a single night, the golden pelts had changed into ordinary, sooty ones.
To make things even stranger, the deer they'd left hanging over the fires had been reduced to nothing but bones...
⑳How could this happen? Their fur, their meat...!⑳
⑳It's all... gone...⑳
⑳It's a curse! This soot is cursed!⑳
⑳No, this can't be! Look at the fields!⑳
Despite the long drought, a few crops had managed to grow.
They'd been thriving strong just the day before.
But now, they'd lost all vitality. As if the soot had sucked the life out of them.
...And there was no guarantee the same wouldn't happen to the villagers.
Gradually, they began to feel ill in various ways. Their breath grew short, and they developed headaches.
Apparently, there were already those who had fevers or who couldn't even stay on their feet.
⑳Lady Priestess! What is the meaning of this?!⑳
⑳This really is Lord Rokugami's curse, isn't it? What are we supposed to do?!⑳
⑳Lady Priestess! Oh, Lady Priestess! Please help us!⑳
⑳I-I'm still in training, so I don't know anything.⑳
⑳But... Granny might.⑳
⑳This soot appears to weaken the body. Elderly people in particular have it bad.⑳
⑳No... Granny!⑳
Her fears proved to be right on the mark.
The old lady who had already been bedridden with fever was now at death's door.
Her whole body was swelling, and her gums were bleeding.
And though she was still alive, she smelled like a rotten corpse.
⑳Granny! Stay with me!⑳
⑳Suzu... This is it... for me...⑳
⑳But please... tell me. There has been a ruckus since last night.⑳
⑳Something horrible is happening, isn't it...?⑳
⑳Granny, the truth is...⑳
⑳Did she say anything?⑳
⑳There can be no further doubting it. This is Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse.⑳
⑳This can't be happening...⑳
⑳What'll happen to us?! Are we going to die? Will our village be destroyed?!⑳
⑳Granny told me she has heard a legend of the same curse in the lands to the west.⑳
⑳Cursed soot rained on a village of those who trespassed on their god's sacred land.⑳
⑳That soot cursed the earth it touched, bringing forth a great calamity which destroyed the village... So the legend says.⑳
They couldn't abandon their village and live on.
This wasn't a problem that could be solved simply by fleeing the cursed land.
In this era, the death of a village meant the death of its inhabitants.
⑳What will happen to the village?! What should we do?!⑳
⑳It's the curse of Lord Rokugami! Our village is doomed!⑳
⑳Calm yourselves! Panicking now will not solve anything!⑳
The villagers were seized with fear and anxiety.
Before long, they crowded around Suzunome.
⑳Oh Lady Priestess, please save us!⑳
⑳Please save this village with your powers!⑳
⑳I-I can't. I don't have that sort of power...⑳
⑳The old woman is wise! She should know a way to save the village!⑳
⑳We must plead with her to deliver us from the curse!⑳
It wasn't even noon...
...and yet the old woman's face had aged ten years since that morning.
Mutsu could see the mark of death on her. She didn't have long.
She was already in bad shape to begin with, and the cursed soot had only accentuated it.
⑳Granny...⑳
⑳Suzu... I know what you would ask of me.⑳
⑳We implore you. Please, save our village. I beg of you!⑳
⑳...You're getting what you deserve... for defying a god... You pack of fools!⑳
⑳*cough* *cough* *cough*⑳
She barely had the strength to cough.
Perhaps she understood she had limited breath left to spare.
⑳There is... a ritual... that can seal the curse...⑳
⑳Truly?!⑳
⑳It is a black art...⑳
⑳A ritual most contemptible... to control the soot.⑳
⑳Wh-What do you mean by 'black art?'⑳
⑳*cough* *cough* *cough*⑳
⑳Suzu. Get the tome... from my bag. *cough* *cough*⑳
⑳Granny, you don't mean -that- tome, do you?⑳
It was a dreadful tome containing the black arts.
But no matter how dark the magic, it could sometimes be used for good.
However, it was a spell that could not be used arbitrarily.
⑳It is a cursed black art... to seal the soot into a living host—a sacrifice.⑳
⑳In order to save the village from the cursed soot... it must be sealed away for eternity.⑳
⑳In exchange for invoking divine wrath... the people of this village must pass down this blight until the end of time...⑳
⑳Though the village will be spared... Lord Rokugami shall find some solace in your suffering.⑳
⑳W-We are prepared.⑳
⑳And... you fools who failed to fear your god... must forever pass down the legend of the calamity that befell your village to your descendants...⑳
⑳*cough* *cough* *cough*⑳
⑳We swear we shall. So please, save us...!⑳
⑳Can you read?⑳
⑳Yes. I am the only one in the village who can...⑳
⑳The ritual is here. Read it and understand it well. Only then may you perform it.⑳
The old woman tore out a page from the tome of black arts and gave it to the mayor.
She then handed the tome to Suzunome and ordered her to burn it.
Finally, she whispered into Suzunome's ear.
⑳Listen well, Suzu...⑳
⑳Gather—*cough*—your things... and before the sun sets—*cough* *cough* *cough* *cough*⑳
⑳Granny! Granny!⑳
⑳She's choking!⑳
⑳Urghhhhh! Gaaaaaaah!⑳
Her face grew more purple.
And then, as suddenly as a puppet with its strings cut... she went limp.
⑳Granny?! Granny!⑳
⑳Hang in there! Stay strong!⑳
Mutsu desperately hit her on the back, but it was too late.
She'd been trying to tell Suzunome something in secret, but had failed to finish.
The mayor glanced at Suzunome weeping into her departed mentor's chest, then turned his attention to the spell page.
⑳This is the ritual... that will seal the soot...⑳
The villagers were surrounding the hut, their faces painted with fear.
Once Mutsu and the mayor exited, they crowded around and clung desperately to them.
The mayor raised his hand with a grim expression and urged them to quiet down.
Once he was sure he'd gotten everyone's attention, he opened his mouth.
⑳The priestess has given us a way to save the village.⑳
Those words stirred up the villagers, but the mayor quickly silenced them.
⑳How do we do that, sir?⑳
⑳We must select a living sacrifice.⑳
Another commotion amongst the villagers.
⑳Order!⑳
⑳The sacrifice cannot be just anyone. They must be young.⑳
The village youth were the most productive workers, and therefore their family's breadwinners.
Even if they weren't, no family would willingly offer up one of their own...
⑳This ritual must be performed by tomorrow morning.⑳
⑳So we need to decide quickly...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Wh-What will happen to the sacrifice?⑳
⑳They will not die.⑳
⑳They will receive the cursed soot into their body and seal it away.⑳
The village could be saved in exchange for making the sacrifice carry the full weight of the cursed soot.
But this ritual would not eradicate the soot.
No, it would need to be sealed by a sacrifice for all eternity.
⑳...And what will happen... to the sacrifice?⑳
⑳The divine punishment will be theirs alone. It will not be easy.⑳
⑳It is said the sacrifice is fated to live a short life. They will eventually waste away and die...⑳
⑳But what will happen to the soot once the sacrifice dies?⑳
⑳When they die, the seal will be broken, and the soot will cover the village once again.⑳
⑳That is why the sacrifice must have a child before they pass away.⑳
⑳Why is that...?⑳
⑳It is written the soot will pass onto the child at birth.⑳
⑳That child will also be doomed to a short life.⑳
⑳So they too must have a child to pass the soot onto in order to keep the soot sealed...⑳
⑳That's... horrible...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Lend me your ears. This is the only way to save the village from the curse.⑳
⑳We and our descendants must continue this ritual for all eternity.⑳
The villagers burst into an uproar.
Sacrificing someone was by all means better than letting the village be destroyed.
But who would it be?
If it could have been anyone, one of the elderly without much longer to live would have likely stepped forward.
But it had to be someone young. Someone who could have a child.
Of course, one of the sickly people couldn't bear the curse. It had to be someone healthy...
⑳...⑳
The villagers all fell silent.
No family could afford to offer up one of their young.
Even if they could, no one would volunteer to bear such a vile curse...
But they had to make a decision. And by the next morning, no less.
As the mayor had said, they had to hold a ritual to seal the soot away by then.
The necessary preparations for that were all written down on the spell's page.
⑳We have a chance to wipe away all this soot covering our village.⑳
⑳The heads of each family are to gather in my house.⑳
⑳...We must choose a sacrifice.⑳
⑳Cursed... soot...⑳
⑳Right. And that's how this land got the name of Susuda—'Field of Soot.'⑳
⑳Remember how I told you the elderly people here refuse to eat venison because they view deer as sacred?⑳
⑳The truth is, it isn't because they view them as sacred at all. They're just afraid.⑳
⑳They worry they'll be cursed if they eat deer meat.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳This whole legend was altered over the course of centuries.⑳
⑳They erased the 'soot' from the name of the land and changed its kanji to reflect that.⑳
⑳Then they changed the name of this shrine from Noroimoto to Iwaimoto.⑳
⑳Even the town's history was rewritten.⑳
⑳But... no matter how much they cover up the past...⑳
⑳... a god's wrath is eternal.⑳
⑳They couldn't completely rid the village of the soot.⑳
⑳So does that mean... the soot is still here in the present?⑳
⑳Exactly.⑳
⑳And I... am one of its inheritors.⑳
⑳What...?⑳
⑳Though I'm not part of the main family. I'm from a so-called branch family.⑳
⑳The soot I've inherited is nothing compared to the main family's.⑳
For some reason, I thought I knew exactly who she meant when she mentioned the main family.
...Noroimoto Shrine eventually became Iwaimoto Shrine.
And the ones who ran it... were the Kurokamis.
⑳Then Kurokami is...⑳
⑳That's right. Toé is the current sacrifice—the inheritor of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse from a thousand years ago.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Toé is from the main family, while I'm from a branch family. That makes us very distant relatives.⑳
⑳So I know.⑳
⑳I know just how much she's suffering from Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse...⑳
Booming music. Out-of-sync singing. Microphone feedback. Bursts of flashing lights.
That large room in the karaoke club was full of odious enthusiasm.
The ten members of Sho Kamenuma's delinquent group were clamoring about.
Platters of fried chicken, mountains of French fries, and cups of overflowing drinks were lined up all across the table.
It was too much for even ten people.
Not to mention too extravagant for students who should have had very little in the way of income.
⑳Hey Sho, can I get another ginger ale?⑳
⑳Oh, I'd like a hot dog and a coke! Right, can I get some pickles, too?⑳
⑳Pickles? Seriously?! What do you think this is, a drive-thru?!⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳Order anythin' you'd like, guys! I got all the money in the world!⑳
⑳Just keep the singin' goin'! I don't wanna hear a single song get to the end!⑳
⑳I gotta have a non-stop party! I ain't got time for silence!⑳
⑳You got it! As long as you keep payin', Sho!⑳
Sho always had ten 10,000-yen bills in his wallet.
From time to time, he'd use that vast amount of money to treat his followers to parties at the karaoke club.
But in actuality, Sho rarely sang.
He would always bury the table in more food than he could eat and let his lackies go to town.
To him, sitting back on the farthest sofa and looking out on it all with the presence of a boss was the greatest ego trip there was.
Crouching low at Sho's feet was none other than Toé.
No doubt she was going along with his sick tastes again.
She licked his bare toes with her slender tongue...
⑳I swear man, you've got some wild fetishes.⑳
⑳We're gonna get married 'soon as we graduate.⑳
⑳I'm a gentleman, y'know? Damn straight I'm gonna protect my bride-to-be's chastity till then.⑳
⑳Man, I'm so jealous you have a fiancé.⑳
⑳How the hell'd you snag one of those this early?⑳
⑳Huh? You don't know? It was love at first sight. This chick went head over heels for me!⑳
⑳It all started when my old man got a call from the Kurokamis out of the blue.⑳
⑳They said their daughter had fallen for me the second she saw me and wanted to arrange a marriage.⑳
⑳Ain't that right? You fell for me at first sight, didn't ya?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...Yes, Sir Sho.⑳
⑳Damn, man! I didn't think shit like that was for real!⑳
⑳Well, honestly, I felt like I was the hottest shit in the world till I met her.⑳
⑳I mean, the Kurokamis are the richest people here, yeah?⑳
⑳My dad's a realtor, but he don't hold a candle to the Kurokamis.⑳
⑳I heard you can't do business 'round these parts without their say-so.⑳
⑳I know, right?! So you bet your sweet ass I got excited when I heard the daughter of those fuckin' bigwigs fell for me!⑳
⑳Then I met her and learned just what a fuckin' nutcase she was.⑳
⑳We humbly ask that you please consider our proposal to Master Sho Kamenuma.⑳
My folks were at a total loss for words. Same went for me.
Who wouldn't be, with these people askin' me to marry their daughter?
⑳The truth of the matter is that my daughter suffers from a genetic illness. She doesn't have long to live.⑳
⑳Neither her mother nor grandmother made it past thirty.⑳
⑳Toé also probably has only another ten or so years to live...⑳
When I heard that, my first thought was ⑳Gimme a break, man. That's some shit out of a crappy TV show.⑳
Basically, their daughter wouldn't last long, so they wanted me to marry her 'fore she kicked the bucket 'cause she'd fallen for me at first sight. I got the picture.
Sounds like an interestin' story, yeah? But in reality, it felt like a total pain in the ass.
The Kurokamis were way too formal for my tastes. I loved my freedom, and I'd be damned if I were tied down.
That's the kinda guy I am. You all know that, yeah? So I told Toé's old man how it was.
⑳I don't get what your deal is, but it sounds like a real pain, so I'll pass.⑳ Oh, but I ain't dumb. I worded it way nicer than that. Ha ha ha ha.
But even then, he wouldn't give up.
He said if I got engaged to his daughter, there'd be bucket-loads of money in it for me.
I'm talkin' hundreds of millions of yen here. My folks and I couldn't believe it!
⑳We will be having Master Sho's precious life on loan, of course. So this much money is only natural.⑳
⑳Until Toé passes away, you will want for nothing...⑳
He brought out a big-ass attaché case stuffed with bills! My folks looked like they were about to pass out any sec!
I couldn't even think straight! The power of money is some real shit.
The girl I'd written off as some whackjob suddenly looked like the prettiest girl in the world at that moment.
She'd be a fine piece of ass so long as she kept her mouth shut. On top of that, I only had to put up with her for a few years till she bit it.
All that money would be mine, and all I had to do was play along with this guy's bizarre engagement game!
At that point, my mind was completely made up!
⑳Should you choose to accept our proposal, we have a request we'd like to make of you.⑳
⑳It concerns the wedding. We'd like for you to get married as soon as you graduate high school.⑳
⑳Furthermore, we would like to take your first child and raise it ourselves.⑳
It all clicked together at that point. So what the Kurokamis really wanted was a successor.
Their daughter would die without havin' a kid if she kept sittin' her ass around, and they couldn't let that happen.
So they decided to capitalize on her love at first sight and came up with this messed up proposal.
⑳And so I said yes on the spot.⑳
⑳They need her to have a successor no matter what it takes. I can't say no to that.⑳
⑳In exchange, I get this unlimited allowance to play around with!⑳
⑳And once we graduate, it's off to playin' husband with this chick. Then I get to have all the fun I want with her till I knock her up!⑳
⑳And the best part of it is, her old man's gonna adopt the brat, so I ain't gotta do fuck all for it!⑳
⑳Holy shit... That's a hell of a story, man...⑳
⑳Three cheers for love at first sight! I gotta thank my folks for givin' me this sexy face!⑳
⑳Ain't that right, Toé?! You love me so much you can't even take it, right?!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...Yes.⑳
⑳My heart has been yours... ever since I first laid eyes on you...⑳
⑳Seriously? Man, it sure is tough to be hot.⑳
Sho jeered as he hocked up some spit.
⑳Lick it up.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳That's the spit of your beloved Sir Sho, y'know?! Ain't you grateful to get a taste of it?!⑳
⑳...⑳
Toé nodded, crouched before Sho's spit...
...and licked it off the floor with her tiny tongue.
⑳It tastes great, don't it?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
⑳Your spit... is delicious...⑳
⑳Heh! Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh!⑳
Sho cackled and basked in self-satisfaction.
His followers gulped at this perverted scene.
⑳...The hell? Don't stop the music!⑳
⑳Oh, s-s-sorry! Hey, get the remote!⑳
His followers hastily resumed the party.
Sho clicked his tongue as he watched Toé continue to lick the floor.
⑳Tch. You ain't no human. You're just a fuckin' dog.⑳
He kicked Toé with his heel.
The Japanese doll she was always carrying fell to the floor at that moment.
She frantically picked it up.
Her father had made one other request to Sho that he couldn't comprehend for the life of him.
He'd asked for him to overlook the doll she always carried and not ask any questions about it.
⑳Fuckin' hell. You're gonna make me jealous of a goddamn doll.⑳
⑳Tch.⑳
⑳The cursed soot takes away one's spiritual protection.⑳
⑳All humans have spiritual defenses—albeit to differing degrees.⑳
⑳Do you have any idea what would happen if they were to lose those defenses?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳They'd be easy targets for spirits?⑳
⑳That's right. They invite meddling by spirits—or as I like to call them, 'hauntings.'⑳
Spirits are akin to bacteria drifting in the air.
They're invisible, inaudible, and ineffective against a sound body.
But the body is unable to fight them off when it's tired or sick.
You know how sometimes you might catch a cold that otherwise would have been no cause for concern?
Hauntings are the same. They strike when you grow emotionally unstable or weak.
When all that adds up, your spiritual defenses lower, making you easy fodder for spiritual meddling.
Have you ever had daydreams when you were tired or spacing out?
Some of those were the result of spirits messing around with you.
For people of sound mind, though, that's all they are—daydreams.
But when your spiritual defenses are low, they can turn into nightmares, inviting temptations from spirits...
You've heard stories every year about kids who can't get used to a new environment and jump right into trains, haven't you?
Amongst them are unfortunate victims who were tempted by hauntings...
⑳I'm a descendant of the original sacrifice to the soot, so I have some of the soot within me as well.⑳
⑳It's faint compared to the amount Toé has, of course...⑳
⑳...but I still get hauntings far worse than the average person.⑳
⑳I got the worst of them back in my adolescence. It was painful, to say the least.⑳
Hauntings appear most frequently in adolescence—the most emotionally volatile period of most people's lives.
Even those with normal spiritual defenses are easily prone to hauntings then.
Many people with a fascination toward the occult in adolescence got their start from the sense of mystique they had for their own hauntings...
⑳How exactly do you define a haunting?⑳
⑳Put simply, it's a nightmarish daydream that comes completely out of nowhere.⑳
⑳Once you come to your senses, it's easy to realize you were just hallucinating...⑳
⑳But the really nasty part is that you can't even tell when the nightmare started in most cases.⑳
As for recent hauntings... Right. Take Susuda Station.
It's not a big station, yet it's been known as a suicide hotspot, right?
The spirits there must have called out to them.
On that day, I was waiting for a train.
Then, all of a sudden, I heard an office worker talking on the phone or something nearby.
I was bored and had nothing better to do, so I listened in.
What I heard was disturbing. She was talking about how it was okay to just jump onto the tracks and reset everything if you felt at the end of your rope.
But disturbing as it was, the more I listened, the more fascinating I found it.
Then suddenly, I realized that it was almost as though she were talking to me instead.
Next, I saw a blue sky under the train platform.
There was a lush field at the bottom of it.
At that moment, I remember thinking how wonderful it would feel if I were to be sucked right into it.
⑳Right then, someone happened to bump into me, bringing me back to reality.⑳
⑳And once I came to my senses, I finally realized everything that'd just happened was all a daydream caused by a haunting.⑳
⑳Then... If that person hadn't bumped into you...⑳
⑳Just thinking about it gives me the chills.⑳
⑳There was this one time where I got hit by a moped because a haunting tricked me into running out onto the street during a red light.⑳
⑳If that had been a truck... then I probably wouldn't be here right now.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Fortunately, life-threatening hauntings are rare.⑳
⑳Most hauntings are just creepy, grotesque, or unpleasant.⑳
⑳Though dealing with those isn't exactly easy, either.⑳
Even if a sound person only had a nightmare once in a while, they would still wake to find themselves drained of both strength and spirit.
So it wouldn't be hard to imagine how tiring it would be to go through that sort of thing on a daily basis.
⑳They do gradually weaken the older you get, though. Anyway, adolescence is the hardest period of life.⑳
⑳Though it may look like those girls are only spacing out on the outside, I know the truth.⑳
⑳Like me... they're descendants of the sacrifice and suffer from hauntings.⑳
⑳Are you saying there are other descendants of the sacrifice apart from you?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳No, you don't mean...⑳
⑳According to a copy of an ancient document long since lost to fire...⑳
⑳There was once a sacrifice whose burden was so great, it appeared as though she would die before she could birth her child.⑳
⑳It is said that then, a spell was used to spread the sacrifice's soot between quintuplets.⑳
⑳The descendant of one of them is Kurokami, you're a descendant of another one, and...⑳
⑳I think you can piece together who the other three are.⑳
⑳Then... the LCSC is actually...⑳
⑳It's quite a miracle, isn't it? How the descendants of the quintuplets are all in the same school.⑳
⑳I created the LCSC and gathered those four together.⑳
⑳I was hoping I could do something to ease their hauntings, no matter how little...⑳
Kiko, Minobe, and Riria...
They were all descendants of the original sacrifice to the cursed soot...
And Ms. Hinagata ran the infirmary.
She must have realized some of the students she treated were suffering from hauntings.
It really was quite the miracle...
⑳Then Kiko's suffered from hauntings, too?⑳
⑳She used to frequent the infirmary, a while back. Complained about suffering from anemia and bad daydreams.⑳
⑳The same happened with Minobe and Nunokawa. They were struggling with these inexplicable daydreams and wondered if it was some kind of illness.⑳
⑳But I think their hauntings have abated substantially these days—well, with those three, anyway.⑳
⑳Is there a way to reduce hauntings?⑳
⑳Yes. The most effective one is to earn goodwill.⑳
The LCSC performed community service.
And by contributing to society, you receive thanks from others.
⑳People can obtain some spiritual defense by gaining respect and gratitude from others via good deeds.⑳
⑳Have you heard the expression 'a good deed is never lost?'⑳
⑳Those who do good deeds are blessed with good fortune, while karma catches up to those who commit bad deeds.⑳
⑳So what you're saying is, people from long ago knew that spiritual power resided in good deeds?⑳
⑳Bingo. In other words, community service is the most effective defense against hauntings.⑳
With that, I understood why the LCSC existed.
But wait. What did that mean for Natsu and me?
Kiko and I were related, though distantly.
Did that mean I had the cursed soot in my body, too?
⑳No. The soot is only inherited by the first-born child.⑳
⑳So you haven't inherited the curse.⑳
⑳That's not to say you don't have any of it, but I think it'd be so miniscule that it wouldn't cause you any problems.⑳
⑳Then why did you recruit Natsu and me?⑳
⑳I was suffering from a haunting one day when you and Atsuta came into the infirmary. Right after that, it went away.⑳
⑳Something like that had never happened before. So I figured one of you two must have a mysterious power.⑳
⑳And I think it's you.⑳
⑳It must be thanks to the Divine Tribute Style you train in.⑳
The Divine Tribute Style was a sacred thing, dedicated to God.
According to Ms. Hinagata, that which was spiritually pure held the power to ease hauntings.
⑳You have the power to relieve hauntings, while Atsuta's enthusiasm cheers everyone up.⑳
⑳It's thanks to you two that those girls are able to live healthy school lives.⑳
⑳After you two arrived, I inquired about their health.⑳
⑳The effects kicked in right away.⑳
⑳All three of them said they'd been having fewer bad daydreams since you showed up.⑳
⑳So that's why you invited me to join the LCSC...⑳
⑳Do you believe this crazy story?⑳
⑳I believe you.⑳
⑳All my life, I've kept up my training without knowing what it was for.⑳
⑳Now that I know how it's helping everyone, I'm happy I did.⑳
⑳Thank you for believing me.⑳
⑳Help! Ms. Hinagata's talking crazy!→The PTA goes nuts!→Fired on the spot! I was worried it was gonna go like that.⑳
⑳Thank you for telling me all of this.⑳
⑳If you think I can be of assistance, I'll do whatever I can to help.⑳
⑳Thank you, Susuhara.⑳
⑳Everyone's hauntings have subsided significantly since you arrived.⑳
⑳However, I think there are still times where they're struck by particularly nasty ones.⑳
⑳When that happens, I'd like for you to help them.⑳
⑳After all, whenever you're near, the hauntings just fade away.⑳
⑳No problem. Call me any time.⑳
⑳In the meantime, I'll have to train harder.⑳
⑳Especially now that I have people I'm fighting for.⑳
That's right.
I had to save them. No matter what.
⑳In that case...⑳
⑳Can I save Kurokami, too?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I sure hope so.⑳
⑳But Toé's from the main family. She's inherited the greatest amount of the cursed soot by far.⑳
⑳I'm sure being in the LCSC helps out with her hauntings a little, but...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Most times I see her, it feels like she's there in body, but not in spirit.⑳
⑳It's because of those hauntings... isn't it?⑳
⑳Yes...⑳
⑳I hear it didn't use to be that way.⑳
⑳They say she started getting worse in her later years of grade school.⑳
How awful...
So she spent nearly the entire day trapped in hauntings so bad she could barely hold a proper conversation? That was her day-to-day life...?
⑳Ms. Hinagata? What's with the doll she's always carrying?⑳
⑳After everything I've heard, I'm thinking it must hold some special significance.⑳
⑳It's a secret technique that's been passed down for the last thousand years...⑳
⑳It's been told for centuries that dolls can accept people's misfortune in their place.⑳
⑳In other words, they're like cotton that absorbs misfortune.⑳
⑳So older dolls are simply brimming with it.⑳
⑳You know how they hold memorial services for dolls? It's a ritual to exorcise the misfortune stored up in dolls like that.⑳
⑳Then you mean that doll Kurokami carries is to ease her hauntings?⑳
⑳That's right. The students may think it's a creepy cursed doll...⑳
⑳But in fact, it's the opposite. It's there to mitigate her curse—her hauntings.⑳
It seemed it wasn't an ordinary Japanese doll.
It was a special doll to ward off evil, made solely for Toé Kurokami.
Sadly, they only knew how to make dolls to ease the hauntings of the Kurokami family sacrifice.
No one could make such a doll for Kiko and the others.
⑳Originally, a single doll had enough spiritual power to last seven months...⑳
⑳But Toé's dolls waste away far too fast.⑳
⑳Their effects have also gotten a lot weaker. Things aren't looking up.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Wait, then all the dolls here in the memorial hall...⑳
⑳Could they be...?⑳
I took another look out at the countless dolls lining the hall.
They were all the same size, bore the same presence... and their long black hair reminded me of Kurokami's.
People said Iwaimoto Shrine had become a doll memorial shrine, but in reality...
⑳That's right. This hall isn't for the dolls of ordinary people.⑳
⑳It was made to inter the dolls that would ease the suffering of the Kurokami family's sacrifices.⑳
⑳You mean... -all- of them?⑳
⑳The dolls they receive from ordinary people are cremated, so they're not interred here.⑳
⑳Every last doll you see here was used by a sacrifice of the Kurokami family.⑳
There were way too many of them to even begin counting.
Most of them were brand new. They must have been the ones Kurokami had used.
All of them were a testament... to how long she'd suffered.
Now that I thought about it, she'd been on my mind from the moment I first laid eyes on her.
I knew it sounded arrogant... but it felt like it was my destiny to do something about this.
⑳I want to save her.⑳
I finally understood what my heart had been telling me ever since I first saw her.
⑳I understand what you wanted to tell me.⑳
⑳If there's anything I can do, please let me help.⑳
⑳Susuhara...⑳
⑳Thank you.⑳
Once she realized the nightmares that'd been plaguing her were in fact hauntings, Ms. Hinagata had started researching them.
In doing so, she traced their source back to the curse that Susuda had passed down for the last thousand years.
What she wanted was simple:
To save the descendants of the original sacrifice, who were all still suffering from the cursed soot.
To break the chains of the curse that had persisted for a millennium, and to save them.
And through the LCSC, she had finally found a way to alleviate the hauntings.
But that wasn't enough.
It was at that point she met me.
⑳If you don't mind, I'd like to speak to your father.⑳
⑳What is the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style? And why does it possess such a power?⑳
⑳If I can ascertain how it works, I may discover a way to save the descendants of the sacrifice.⑳
⑳Perhaps we'll find a clue to saving Kurokami.⑳
⑳You're right!⑳
⑳If I could obtain such a power by learning the Divine Tribute Style...⑳
⑳Join the Susuhara dojo!→Master the Divine Tribute Style!→Hasta la vista, hauntings!→Establish the DTSC!⑳
⑳I'll even make you club president! Heh heh heh!⑳
The Susuhara Divine Tribute Style. Traditional martial arts that had been passed down through my family for generations.
I'd been training in it my whole life, yet I never knew much about it.
Perhaps now was the time to finally learn.
And maybe, just maybe... I'd discover a hint towards saving Kurokami.
⑳Thanks for today. You put up with such a long, crazy story, and still believed me in the end.⑳
⑳It's nothing. I'm just glad to know there's a way I can be of use.⑳
⑳And if there's even the slightest chance I can save Kurokami, I want to take it.⑳
⑳Then let's find out how we can do so together.⑳
⑳You got it.⑳
⑳I'll participate in the LCSC as much as I can.⑳
⑳It'll soothe their hauntings while I'm there, right?⑳
⑳Yes. I'll let you know if they get hit by a particularly nasty one, so I'll be counting on you there.⑳
⑳Of course. I'll come running whenever you need me.⑳
⑳Also, I'd like you to keep an eye on Toé.⑳
⑳Let me know if it looks like she's having it really rough.⑳
⑳And don't forget about the doll, either.⑳
⑳It's key to easing her hauntings, right?⑳
⑳It is, but there are times when she'll be so spaced out in her hauntings that she'll drop it.⑳
⑳If that ever happens, I should just pick it up and give it back to her, right?⑳
⑳Yes. I'll watch out for that too, but I'd like you to do the same.⑳
⑳Just be careful not to break it.⑳
⑳What'll happen if it breaks?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳She'll likely be struck by a haunting so horrifying, no one could possibly even begin to imagine.⑳
⑳Hey Toé, you'll do whatever I ask, yeah?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...Yes, Sir Sho.⑳
⑳Lemme ask you somethin'.⑳
⑳Which is more important to ya? Me? Or that doll you're always luggin' around?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I gotta say, I'm jealous of that thing.⑳
⑳You're my fiancé and say you fell for me at first sight, but your best pal is that doll, ain't it?⑳
⑳If you'll really do whatever I ask...⑳
⑳Then stop walkin' around with that damn thing already.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...I... can't... do that.⑳
⑳The fuck you say?!⑳
Sho was blinded with rage.
To have the girl who did anything he ordered without complaint defy him in any way infuriated him more than anything else.
But due to the roar of the music and the lighting, none of his followers noticed.
⑳Ain't you the one here who begged on her knees to be my wife?! Well?!⑳
⑳The fuck's gonna marry a creepy-ass bitch like you 'cept for me?!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳What are you, a fuckin' deer in the headlights?! Say somethin'!⑳
⑳...Aah...⑳
Sho snatched the doll from Toé.
Toé wrestled with him in an attempt to get it back. Sho was a bit surprised by the unexpected display of strength.
⑳The hell?! You wanna go?! Ghh!⑳
⑳...Give it back... Give it... back...⑳
⑳Don't fuck with me, you goddamn bitch!⑳
When Sho tugged hard on the doll, the two were sent flying back.
The doll had been torn to pieces...
⑳Whoa, what the fuck?!⑳
Something that looked like a spine dangled out of the head of the doll Sho was holding.
It was dark red, thick, and wriggled nauseatingly.
⑳Gross! Is this for fuckin' real?!⑳
Sho threw it to the ground, got up, and stomped it over and over with all his might.
His followers finally noticed and watched in shock as their leader kept stomping in a sudden fit of agitation.
⑳Wh-What's goin' on?⑳
⑳There's somethin' fucked up with this doll! It's movin'! I swear to god, it's movin'!⑳
The ground by Sho's feet was too dark for his followers to make out due to the strobe lights.
All they could tell was that something had him freaked out.
Not wanting to get mixed up with whatever it was, all they could do was watch in silence.
⑳U-Uh, hey, Sho? Your girl's... foamin' at the mouth.⑳
⑳What?⑳
Toé was lying on the sofa.
Foam and saliva were spewing from her mouth.
⑳Ugh, that's so gross.⑳
⑳Is she okay? She ain't high or somethin', is she?⑳
⑳This chick blacks out sometimes. She'll wake up like nothin' happened soon enough, so just ignore her.⑳
Sho had seen Toé lose consciousness due to sudden hauntings more times than he cared to count.
So he just urged his followers to get back to singing, and before long, they turned away from Toé and resumed their partying.
Sho threw his feet onto the table and glared sullenly at Toé.
Toé continued foaming at the mouth.
Gradually, the bubbles darkened before going as black as ink.
Then all of a sudden, she slowly opened her eyes.
No one noticed the way they glowed like flames flickering in the darkness...
Toé slowly raised her head.
She raised her hand into the air, closed her fingers one after another, and stretched them out.
Almost like she was trying to learn how she functioned.
⑳...⑳
She wiped her mouth... and her lips curled into a smirk.
After that, she crawled over to Sho, and placed her head on his chest as if listening for his heartbeat.
⑳Huh? What's gotten into you? You in heat?⑳
Sho thought of Toé only as a robot who performed commands on a delayed timer.
So he was stunned to see her do something of her own volition.
His eyes met hers.
Her face was shrouded in shadow, but her eyes and lips looked bewitching in the light.
Sho couldn't help but gulp.
⑳I must thank you, Sho.⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
That was the first time she hadn't called him ⑳Sir.⑳
Normally, Sho would have run out of patience with her right then and there.
But there was something in Toé's voice that sent shivers down his spine.
⑳...Over a thousand years... I have met my share of the scum of mankind...⑳
⑳But even amongst them... you truly stand out...⑳
⑳U-Uh...⑳
Those words should have been insults to him, yet they stirred immoral pleasure within Sho.
That enticing creature with Toé's face had completely seized his soul.
⑳Still, I must commend Kurokami. He did a fine job finding a man like this.⑳
⑳It could not have been easy to locate a man without a single speck of soot in this day and age...⑳
⑳But it no longer matters.⑳
⑳Not when the greatest delicacy of all has appeared...⑳
⑳Y-You're not makin' any sense at all...⑳
⑳You reek. Silence that tongue, human.⑳
Toé placed her slender hand on Sho's chin as though to lift it up.
Sho trembled as her fingers stroked the underside of his jaw.
⑳Aah...⑳
Bit by bit, his head began convulsing.
All of a sudden, his eyes rolled back, and his mouth shot open as a trail of drool ran down his face.
⑳The children of men sometimes refer to lowlifes as 'beasts,' yes?⑳
⑳Then to match that...⑳
⑳...I shall give you a pair of antlers.⑳
Blood sprayed out of Sho's ears.
Just then, claws manicured with crimson blood poked out of his earholes.
They were fingers. Toé's dainty fingers.
They emerged slowly from Sho's auditory canals.
At that moment, there was a crack, and drops of blood leaked from Sho's eyes and nose.
Even more antlers—no, those were also Toé's fingers—poked out of him.
Two more of them pierced through Sho's skull like horns.
⑳Such dignified antlers. Truly befitting of a beast.⑳
She removed her hands from his chin, and viscid blood started gushing out.
⑳Aah, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
One of Sho's followers happened to turn his head and witness the whole thing.
Even amidst the dazzling light show, he could tell from a glance Sho was dead—his eyes agape and body stained with blood.
The follower's pathetic shriek drew the attention of the rest, who each screamed one after another.
⑳Being gazed upon with reverence is certainly a boon.⑳
⑳However... expressions wrought with fear... are truly more satisfying.⑳
⑳...Mmm...⑳
Toé grimaced as though suffering from a headache.
A sound like snapping tree branches resounded loudly through the room.
The delinquents' eyes went wide as saucers as they were rendered speechless by the spectacle unfolding before them.
Every one of them could clearly see antlers growing out of Toé's head.
They were the majestic antlers... of a sacred deer.
Toé groaned as she gripped her head.
⑳...Run... away...⑳
⑳...Hur...ry...⑳
They all heard her, of course.
But they were too stunned to move.
Though the room was bursting with sound and color, time stood still.
⑳...⑳
⑳Prostrate yourselves, accursed man-demons...⑳
⑳Thanks for waiti—whoa!⑳
The employee bringing the group's order bumped into Toé just as she opened the door.
⑳S-Sorry!⑳
Once the employee moved out of the way, Toé left the room and disappeared down the dark hallway.
The employee couldn't help but be overcome with surprise at the girl's extraordinary bearing.
She quickly composed herself, and entered the room...
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳They won't die. They will just bear the entirety of the curse in their body.⑳
⑳It's all the same. Besides, the family needs to have a child to bear the curse each generation after that, right?⑳
⑳I'd be damned if I had to go through that...⑳
The spell to seal the cursed soot into a sacrifice.
The mayor had gathered several of the elders and engaged them in an unproductive discussion about who its target would be.
They had to choose one sacrifice, but it wouldn't just end with them.
In order to keep the curse sealed, they would need to have a child to bear the curse and raise them—a cycle that would go on for all eternity.
⑳The village will honor their sacrifice, of course. We shall all give them our support and gratitude...⑳
⑳...⑳
On the surface, the sacrifice would be praised as the hero who saved the village.
But in reality, there was no way any villager would willingly interact with the clan of someone bearing such an ominous curse.
They would just be ostracized by the whole village, and their descendants would likely be subjected to the same treatment.
So no one wanted to step up to the task. Not when it meant condemning their family to eternal damnation in every sense.
But the whole village would be destroyed if they didn't choose a sacrifice and perform the ritual.
Unlike the present, this wasn't an era where people were free to choose where they lived.
Now that the land was cursed, they had nowhere to run.
⑳If we don't perform the ritual to seal the soot by tomorrow morning, it will be too late.⑳
⑳We must come to a decision.⑳
⑳If we cannot, then we will have to draw lots...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Hey, I have an idea.⑳
How about that azusa priestess?
Everyone looked at each other with surprise.
⑳You know how to perform the ritual, right?⑳
⑳So we don't need her to carry it out, do we?⑳
⑳Y-Yes, that's right. She's not needed for the ritual itself.⑳
Suzunome was an outsider. She had no family.
What's more, she met all the conditions for the sacrifice, and as a priestess, she fit the part perfectly.
⑳...⑳
⑳Are we all in agreement?⑳
Everyone nodded.
Unbeknownst to them, Mutsu had overheard the entire thing.
He and Suzunome had been preparing to bury the old woman when he'd been struck by a sense of dread.
As it turned out, his foreboding had been well-founded.
⑳Suzunome, you have to run!⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
Suzunome blinked in surprise, but Mutsu just grabbed her by the arm and dragged her to her feet.
⑳What are you doing?! You're hurting me! Let go, please!⑳
⑳I'll explain later! Just run!⑳
The villagers could not understand why the pair was running.
But their confusion turned to rage after the mayor spoke.
⑳Don't let that woman escape! Capture her!⑳
⑳I-I do not understand! What is happening?!⑳
⑳They're planning to make you the sacrifice!⑳
⑳What?!⑳
⑳He's running with a woman. They won't get far.⑳
⑳They must be planning to lie hidden until nightfall! Find them!⑳
Though Suzunome was used to traveling, she had little chance of escaping several men in the prime of their lives.
Her only choice was to hide for now and flee under the cover of night.
But the men knew the mountain just as well as Mutsu.
⑳Capture that priestess, no matter what it takes!⑳
⑳The village will be destroyed unless we catch her and sacrifice her by tomorrow morning!⑳
⑳Capture the priestess! She must be sacrificed!⑳
⑳All that matters is that she's taken in alive! Break an arm or two if she resists!⑳
⑳A woman can't get far on foot. We'll find her.⑳
⑳She must be hiding somewhere!⑳
⑳She's not here! Check over there!⑳
⑳Now's our chance. Let's go!⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳I heard something in the thicket just now!⑳
⑳Hey, come on out!⑳
⑳It's just us, you fools. She's not here.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Looks like they're gone...⑳
⑳We have to flee now. The forest is thick past the ridge. We can hide until tomorrow there.⑳
⑳The ritual needs to be carried out by tomorrow morning.⑳
⑳If we can evade their clutches until then, they'll have no more reason to chase you.⑳
⑳But then the village will be destroyed by Lord Rokugami's curse...⑳
⑳If they still haven't found a sacrifice by then, I'll offer myself up.⑳
⑳No! Why must it be you?!⑳
⑳They are the ones who sinned by desecrating Lord Rokugami's mountain!⑳
⑳Besides, you were always against it from the start! Why should you be the sacrifice?!⑳
⑳Being sacrificed doesn't mean dying.⑳
⑳But then you'll have to bear a curse that was meant for an entire village!⑳
⑳And then you'll go through untold suffering until you die...⑳
⑳Even so, someone has to do it.⑳
⑳They may not be in their right minds at the moment, but the people of this village truly are kind at heart.⑳
⑳I know you may find it difficult to believe after all that's transpired, but this really is a great village.⑳
⑳And yet they just turned on you like that...⑳
⑳I hate this...⑳
⑳Mutsu...⑳
⑳Hey, they're over there!⑳
⑳This is bad! Run!⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳There they are!⑳
⑳Where?! Where?! Aha! They're over there!⑳
Men with bloodshot eyes rushed out of the thicket one after the next.
Suzunome was already out of breath. Escape was impossible.
⑳Keep running! I'll hold them off!⑳
⑳Mutsu?!⑳
⑳Don't turn back! Farewell, Suzunome!⑳
Neither wanted this to be how they parted.
But that was exactly why Suzunome couldn't afford to stop. She couldn't let Mutsu's final act of chivalry go to waste.
So all she could do was pray for his safety as she ran.
Mutsu was kind by nature, but he would fight for his life if needed.
The men came charging at him full speed once they saw him.
Yet much to their surprise, Mutsu threw one into a thicket. Apparently, they hadn't expected the cornered rat to fight back.
⑳Mutsu! Have you lost your mind?!⑳
⑳You should be asking yourselves that! Have you no shame?!⑳
⑳First you desecrate the mountain, and then you have the gall to repay the lady priestess's kindness with betrayal!⑳
⑳Ignore him! Find the woman!⑳
⑳Not on my watch!⑳
⑳Ugh! Let me go, you fool!⑳
⑳Never! I won't let you have her!⑳
⑳Run! Run for your life, Suzunome!⑳
Suzunome pushed through the thicket and descended the slope as Mutsu's voice echoed around her.
But she tripped on something and fell to the ground.
⑳Oww...⑳
She'd twisted her ankle. Suzunome got up and limped away like a newborn fawn.
However, there was no way she could run in that condition.
The villagers' shouts grew closer and closer as they rushed through the thicket.
All she could do was pray and hide in the thicket.
(Please, do not let them find me...)
(And please... Keep Mutsu safe...)
(A parting like this is far too tragic...)
The villagers were closing in fast.
⑳I found the priestess!⑳
The village youths were on the grounds of the abandoned temple, rolling the temple's bell in unison to prepare for the ritual.
The soot sealing spell required a giant metal cauldron.
They would seal the sacrifice and the soot they'd gathered from the village into it for three days and three nights until the sacrifice had absorbed all of the soot inside.
The village had no giant cauldron, so the temple's bronze hanging bell was the perfect substitute.
It would be tilted over partway and held up by logs, an arrangement often used in animal traps.
Once the sacrifice and the soot were put through that gap, the logs would be removed, sealing them both inside the bell.
Suzunome stood in front of the bell with her hands tied behind her back as though she were a common thief, listening to the mayor with a detached expression.
⑳It pains me to be so rough with you. Truly, it does.⑳
⑳So please... We ask that you offer up your body to save our village.⑳
⑳...⑳
(Is Mutsu all right? I cannot see him anywhere.)
(He opposed the village's decision. It would not be surprising if they killed him.)
(He fought to give me a chance to escape. I hope he is alive...)
Those thoughts were all that occupied Suzunome's mind. The ritual preparations before her felt so far away...
⑳Of course, we will treat you with utmost respect in exchange for taking in the village's curse. You have my word.⑳
⑳Thus, we beseech you. Will you please become our sacrifice?⑳
⑳...⑳
Suzunome didn't answer.
She simply continued spacing out, giving no indication as to whether she'd heard a single word.
The mayor rose to his feet and whispered into her ear.
⑳Do you intend to reject my offer?⑳
⑳So be it. Then I suppose we have no choice but to ask Mutsu instead.⑳
⑳...!⑳
The mayor didn't overlook Suzunome's reaction.
He was already aware of their relationship, so he decided to take full advantage of it.
⑳The sacrifice must pass the curse on to their child. Thus, I would have no qualms in permitting your marriage to Mutsu.⑳
⑳If you accept, the village will honor you for the rest of your life, and you can spend your remaining years with him.⑳
⑳He is a traitor to the village. Normally, he would pay dearly for this crime.⑳
⑳But should you undertake the role of sacrifice, I am willing to pardon him.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳*sniff*⑳
⑳*sob*⑳
Suzunome wept.
Shortly thereafter, she raised her head and looked the mayor in the eye.
⑳...Very well.⑳
⑳I shall become the village's sacrifice.⑳
⑳Ohhh...!⑳
⑳So please... Please spare Mutsu.⑳
Mutsu finally regained consciousness to the sensation of an insect tickling his nose.
He was lying face-down in a grove on a steep slope.
He'd fallen down said slope while grappling with one of Suzunome's pursuers.
Then he'd hit his head on something and passed out.
⑳Ugh...⑳
⑳Suzu...nome...⑳
The air was still.
Mutsu couldn't sense anyone nearby no matter how hard he strained his ears.
...His stomach churned with a horrible sense of dread.
If Suzunome had still been in hiding, the villagers would still be combing the mountain.
And they would have questioned Mutsu on her whereabouts.
Yet they'd just left him alone.
Mutsu slowly got to his feet, ignoring the aching throughout his body.
When he cleared the woods, the abandoned temple on the opposite mountain came into view.
Mutsu could see a large crowd of villagers gathered there.
Meanwhile, the soot-gathering ritual—which would seal all the cursed soot into Suzunome—had already begun.
As per tradition, the sacrifice would cleanse herself with divine sake and salt.
Next, she would part with the gods and spirits that protected her, rinsing herself of right and wrong alike.
Once her body was spiritually pure, she would smear the soot swept up from across the village all over her.
Stark-naked amidst the watching villagers, Suzunome plastered the soot that had blanketed the mountain across her body.
Her porcelain skin was stained black with the cursed soot.
Yet somehow, it was absorbed into her body and faded in moments.
The men observed from a distance.
At first, they'd been staring scandalously at her, but now, they were all seized with tension.
Eventually, all the soot was gone.
Her whole body had absorbed the curse like a sponge.
And finally, they reached the last step.
She would be sealed into the bell for three days and three nights in order to seal the curse into her body permanently.
Suzunome nodded to the mayor to let him know she was ready.
The mayor nodded back and gestured toward the bell.
⑳...⑳
Suzunome slowly gazed up at the sky and took one last look at the picturesque scenery of the mountains.
(Once my body fully takes in this curse, how will the world change?)
(How will this beautiful world look to these cursed eyes?)
(I can tell. This is the last time the wind will feel so pleasant. The air smell so fragrant. The sky gleam so blue...)
(But if it means saving Mutsu...)
(...and protecting the village he holds so dear...)
(...then I shall go through with this... and say farewell to my final attachments to this life.)
Suzunome entered the raised bell and sat down.
She then closed her eyes and concentrated.
Before long, her senses of sight and hearing were completely sealed away.
Amidst that silent world, Suzunome quietly gave in to her fate...
⑳...⑳
⑳All right. Lower the bell.⑳
The men slowly approached the bell with axes in hand.
Once they cut the logs holding the bell up, Suzunome would be sealed beneath it.
⑳Wait!⑳
Mutsu rushed into the temple grounds.
Panicking, the mayor urged the men to seal the sacrifice away before it was too late.
⑳Suzunome! I'll save you!⑳
But his cries failed to reach the woman who'd accepted her fate and closed off her heart.
A group of nearby men rushed Mutsu in an attempt to hold him back.
⑳Get out of my way! I won't let you stop me!⑳
⑳Pin him down! Kill him if you have to!⑳
Mutsu tossed aside the men grappling with him one after the next, his face a mask of demonic fury.
Though they far outnumbered him, the men faltered at his feats of superhuman strength.
His blows had knocked out their front teeth, leaving them clutching their broken wrists and groaning as they writhed about.
⑳E-Eeeeeeeeeeeeek! I-It's a demon!⑳
⑳Do not falter! Just lower the bell!⑳
⑳Suzunome! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
The men gripping Mutsu were tossed back.
Everyone knew Mutsu boasted of his strength, but his power at this moment was beyond their wildest imaginations.
The adrenaline was all it took to overpower the men.
Nothing could stand in Mutsu's way. Nothing but the giant bell they were trying to seal Suzunome in.
But in a cruel twist of fate, the bell hit the ground and shook the earth with a heavy roar, trapping Suzunome inside.
Yet Mutsu's charge could not be stopped. In fact, his legs started hitting the ground harder and faster.
He put all his might into his toes and kicked off the ground so intensely it nearly shattered beneath him.
After that, he entrusted his fist with his whole desire to save Suzunome.
And with a thunderous howl, he swung that fist filled with his very heart and soul.
Everyone around heard the crack of the sky being torn asunder.
That sound... had been Mutsu's fist striking the bell.
Could he truly break through the giant mass of bronze with his bare fist? Could such a miracle truly unfold?
No one would have been surprised if it did indeed shatter.
That was a testament to the drive behind Mutsu's punch.
⑳...⑳
⑳Ugh... Khhhhh...⑳
But then... Mutsu slowly fell to his knees.
He gripped his trembling fist, now gushing blood.
It was broken.
It was hardly a wonder. How could a fist ever smash through such a thick hunk of metal?
But his drive had been so fierce, it almost seemed possible...
⑳...Gahhhh...⑳
⑳Aghhhhhhh, aghhhh...⑳
Mutsu wept and groaned as he clung to the bell.
He then braced his legs as if trying to wrestle a great tree... but the bell didn't even budge.
Mutsu no longer had the vigor to bring about a miracle.
All that was left was the futile struggling of a feeble man who'd exhausted everything he had...
⑳Why are you all just standing there?!⑳
⑳Kill him! We do not know what he'll do if we let him live!⑳
⑳Suzu... Suzu... *sob*⑳
Mutsu screamed once again.
But it possessed none of the gallant spirit of his previous roar.
Merely the sorrowful howl of a wounded wolf.
Mutsu started staggering away.
The men cleared a path.
The mayor had ordered them to kill him... but Mutsu's soul was already dead.
Even if only faintly, the men pitied the pathetic sight of a man who'd failed to save his beloved.
⑳Mutsu. The next time you show your face in these parts, you will be shown no mercy!⑳
⑳Begone! May you die like a dog!⑳
Mutsu didn't respond. Maybe he hadn't even heard him.
He just continued weeping as he disappeared down the mountain path, wracked with despair.
...That was the last time the villagers ever saw Mutsu.
...
...
After three days and nights had passed, the bell was moved aside...
...revealing the pitiful state of the sacrifice.
Her eyes were dim and unfocused.
Truly as though she'd transformed into a cursed puppet that only existed to breathe.
From that day onward, Suzunome forever drifted the sea between nightmares and reality.
Having lost all her spiritual defenses, she was like a bonfire on a cold, dark night for evil spirits.
Seeking fresh warmth, they swarmed her one after another, subjecting her soul to a chain of grief, suffering, envy, and anger.
No one apart from her could ever understand what sort of terrifying hell tormented her being.
To them, it just looked like she was merely spacing out.
⑳Lend me your ears, villagers.⑳
⑳The curse of our village has been fully sealed into her.⑳
⑳Should something happen to her, the curse will be released once again.⑳
⑳Mutsu may try to steal her away.⑳
⑳Should they meet again, they may choose to die together rather than live apart.⑳
⑳We must keep that from happening, no matter what it takes.⑳
⑳There is also the chance she may suddenly come to her senses and kill herself. We cannot allow that.⑳
⑳So if we build a prison and keep her in there, we shall have nothing to fear.⑳
The mayor had promised the sacrifice would be treated courteously for the rest of her life.
Yet from that day onward, she was treated like a mere criminal.
They brought Suzunome to a cave and imprisoned her there.
She wasn't allowed to live or die.
All she could do was suffer from those nightmares until the end of her days came.
No one repaid her for her sacrifice. Instead, they acted like she was a pariah.
This was the start of her—of their—thousand-year living hell...
⑳...⑳
Suzunome slowly rose to her feet in the dark cave.
Her eyes shone just like those of the sacred deer.
⑳Heh heh heh...⑳
⑳Impertinent man-demons...⑳
⑳How impudent you are to have sealed me with your ritual...⑳
⑳But this spell shall not last forever.⑳
The spell required each generation to birth a child as a sacrifice to pass the cursed soot onto.
But the divine curse knew...
...that the spell wasn't perfect.
⑳Very well, man-demons.⑳
⑳You are welcome to let this girl have a child and repeat the cycle for generations until you tire of it.⑳
⑳But have you forgotten? No child of man can conceive new life on its own...⑳
During the age of gods, all the land was governed by those divine beings.
The children of man had crept into them and eventually taken all the regions for themselves.
Most of the lenient gods had accepted this as the start of a new age and conceded their lands to the children of men.
But not all of them were in accord.
Their rage turned into cursed soot that erupted from their sacred mountains and rained all across the nation, signaling the end of the age of gods.
As a result, all children of men from then on out were born with a speck of cursed soot in them.
That was mankind's original sin—taking the gods' country for their own.
⑳A child of the sacrifice will inherit both of its parents' soot.⑳
⑳In other words... I will take in the soot of the new sacrifice and their mate, and grow stronger with each passing generation.⑳
⑳And once I have gathered enough soot, the spell will be broken, and I shall be free once more.⑳
⑳Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse will be unleashed at that moment!⑳
⑳I am the manifestation of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse. Foolish man-demons...⑳
⑳I may lay dormant in this body for a short while.⑳
⑳But I shall continue to gather soot in the centuries to come, and with it, my curse will grow stronger than ever before.⑳
⑳And then, once this body is unable to contain the soot any longer...⑳
⑳The mountains will weep, the earth will tremble, and all will be reduced to ash. I shall bring true hell to this world...⑳
⑳And in doing so, my siblings may finally rest in peace...⑳
⑳Brother... I swear to show these man-demons a hell like none other...⑳
A child of man's scale of time was nothing but a drop in the bucket compared to the span of a divine curse.
The curse would rest for centuries until it could expand no further.
The foolish children of men thought they had sealed the curse away with their ritual.
But in reality, it was merely incubating in the sacrifice until it was ready to hatch...
⑳Farewell for now, man-demons...⑳
⑳I vow that when I wake next, I shall bring a terrifying calamity to this land...⑳
I heard the cave's lattice doors creaking open.
Someone was probably bringing me food.
Since I spent nearly the entire day plagued by hauntings, it was rare that I was conscious for when meals arrived.
Normally, I would just come to, only to find the food already there.
That was the living hell that I, the sacrifice, was subjected to.
Meals were the only ordinary part of my life. They probably felt they couldn't afford to let me do anything else in the off-chance I fell ill.
...However, something felt different about the person bringing food this day.
I could tell they were holding their breath and treading carefully.
Who was it?
...When I saw him, I gasped.
⑳Mutsu...⑳
⑳Shh. You have to be quiet.⑳
My legs had withered and atrophied, but I managed to stagger to my feet.
Mutsu dashed over and helped me up.
⑳I'm sorry I'm late...⑳
⑳No, don't be. Thank you for coming for me...⑳
I buried my face in his chest and quietly wept for a short while.
...Maybe he was right. Maybe he was too late.
There was no way to rid my body of the cursed soot. No way to save me from the world of nightmares.
And yet he'd come for me.
There were occasions where I awakened from the hauntings.
What bliss it was that Mutsu had come to me at such a time...
⑳Let's go. I don't know when the next guard will take watch.⑳
⑳I can't believe you did something so reckless for me...⑳
⑳Nothing's reckless when it's for you.⑳
⑳Come on, let's go. Can you walk?⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
I started walking, with Mutsu guiding me by the hand.
The door to the cave was wide open.
I never believed I'd leave there alive.
The sunlight was blinding. I couldn't keep my eyes open.
But I could feel the fresh open air against my skin. The scent of nature brought back memories.
⑳Are you all right?⑳
⑳I can't see...⑳
⑳Poor thing. You've been in the dark too long.⑳
⑳I'm all right now.⑳
Once I opened my eyes, a sight from long ago flooded into me.
What I found... was not the outdoors, but rather a stone room.
Huh? Wait, what was I... What?
Aaaaaaaaaggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
All my blood went cold at that ear-splitting scream of agony.
The room was like a smithy...
A naked man was hanging upside-down from the ceiling.
His face, stained in blood, was... What?!
⑳M-Mutsu?! Huh?!⑳
Then who was holding my hand?!
I turned around in horror to discover the man next to me was no longer Mutsu.
That uncanny figure was shirtless, muscular, tall, and wearing a hemp cloth around his face.
That wasn't Mutsu! That wasn't Mutsu at all! Then who? Who was he?!
⑳L-Let me go! Let me go!⑳
I tried shaking him off, but his grip was like a vise.
He grabbed me from behind, leaving me unable to move.
He held my jaw in place, preventing me from turning my head.
At that moment... I finally comprehended the repulsive sight before my eyes.
Mutsu was naked and hanging upside-down from the ceiling.
His legs were strung wide open. The other man took a saw, approached his exposed groin... and...
⑳Aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaghhhhhhh!⑳
Aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaghhhhhhh!
...sawed through his pelvis from his thighs upward. The sickening drone of thick pelvic bones being cleaved through like logs echoed throughout the room.
Mutsu shrieked with agony with each sharp crunch of bone.
I couldn't look away. The man was keeping a firm grip on my jaw so I'd be forced to watch.
Eventually, Mutsu's pelvis was split perfectly in two, and his thighs spread farther than I believed possible.
The man continued sawing away, and before long, Mutsu's guts came pouring out in a convulsing pile.
Even so, Mutsu still wasn't dead. He vomited blood and continued his chilling screams.
⑳Mutsu! Mutsu! Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!⑳
...
⑳...⑳
Another... nightmare...
I could no longer tell dream from reality...
It seemed like I'd regained consciousness for real this time... But this had to be the start of yet another nightmare. I was sure of it.
I couldn't allow myself to hope for Mutsu's arrival ever again.
If I did, the evil spirits would just prey on that and continue to show me those sorts of gruesome nightmares.
Besides, this was probably the beginning of a new nightmare anyway.
I couldn't let my guard down and assume I'd returned to reality.
In fact, a new nightmare was already beginning.
I heard several people approaching.
The door creaked open, and three of the watchmen appeared.
I knew all too well how this particular nightmare went.
⑳Oh, she's awake today.⑳
⑳There's such a world of difference when she's awake for it, huh?⑳
⑳H-Hey, is this really all right?⑳
⑳I get the feeling we could catch her curse just by touching her.⑳
⑳Relax, that won't happen. Grow a pair.⑳
They surrounded me with vulgar smiles.
It was that same nightmare again...
⑳The sacrifice doesn't have long to live, they say.⑳
⑳So she needs to pass the soot on to her child before she dies...⑳
⑳Heh heh heh. Being a watchman sure has its perks...⑳
Yes. This had to be that same nightmare.
So long as I hardened my heart, I'd wake from it eventually...
The stench of the men's sweat and rotten breath tormented me.
...Autumn arrived.
With it came a modest harvest, and the village finally obtained hope of escaping the famine.
By this point, some villagers had even forgotten all about the cursed soot that had rained upon their village.
But the mayor and the elders were convinced of the undeniable existence of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse.
They'd only had a single day to prepare for the sacrifice ritual.
Because of that, they'd focused on gathering the soot where it lay thickest and had failed to remove it from several places.
Those locations underwent visible change.
According to ancient writings, it was said the akebia vines laughed that first autumn.
A village girl who'd gone to the forest on the outskirts of the village to reap for the autumn harvest discovered a clump of akebia vines.
The writings claimed that when she reached for the vines, they all laughed at the same time.
Furthermore, they went on to say that one of them bit off part of the girl's left earlobe.
Yet another writing mentioned bats who could speak in human tongues settling on the mountain.
⑳They threw slander at the children playing in the mountains and led them astray with familiar whispers.⑳
⑳Late at night, they would come to the village and disrupt the villagers' slumber with their voices.⑳
These depictions were too fantastical to be anything but figurative.
Yet Hinagata believed that literal monsters had truly arisen.
The cursed soot robbed one of their spiritual defenses.
Put simply, it made them easy targets for evil spirits.
It was likely the plants and animals born in the areas where soot remained had been possessed by such spirits and become monsters.
Afterwards, the forest they lived in was burned to the ground, and all the monsters were exterminated.
However, with that, the villagers understood exactly what the soot's curse was.
They learned that if the sacrifice died and the seal were broken...
...then the soot would unleash an abomination beyond their wildest dreams on the town.
Suzunome withered away day after day. There were many days where she never woke up or ate at all.
If she starved to death, then the seal would be broken.
Thus, she had to have a child and pass on the curse before that.
At this point, Suzunome was already with child.
...Nobody cared who the father was.
Then winter came, followed by spring.
Suzunome gave birth to a baby girl.
And immediately afterwards, Suzunome passed away.
Almost as though her newborn daughter had absorbed both her curse and her life.
Her labor was difficult to the bitter end. Her body was subjected to every sort of agony possible.
Upon her death, her face was warped with anguish like a hideous demon's.
Her daughter was adorable—the very spitting image of her mother.
So much so that her wet nurses doubted she was truly cursed.
But once she turned seven, her hauntings began.
She lost herself and wasted away, all traces of her former loveliness but a memory.
Like her mother, the girl's treatment changed to that befitting of a cursed sacrifice.
And once she came of age... the men of the village used her as their plaything.
She was impregnated so the curse could be passed on... and as soon as she had her baby, she passed away.
Strangely enough, the child was always a girl, and she would always grow up to be the spitting image of Suzunome.
Writings by the Kurokamis' ancestors suggested that Suzunome, the first sacrifice, was reincarnated into the child of each following generation.
If that were indeed the truth... it was a fate far too cruel.
She would blossom until she came of age, was violated, forced to suffer agony unimaginable in labor until she finally birthed her daughter, and died.
That was her eternal curse.
That was the living hell from which she had no escape.
Though the ancestors of the Kurokamis did it to protect the village from the curse, the black arts they resorted to were horrifying.
However, once fate's gears were in motion, they could not be stopped.
In order to keep the soot from covering the land, Suzunome and her descendants had to endure an eternal hell of endless suffering...
...Around the early 17th century or so, the sacrifice's condition suddenly changed.
Something about her was clearly wrong compared to all the others depicted in the Kurokamis' records.
She would grip her swollen stomach as she foamed from the mouth, begging someone to kill her...
⑳Never before have I heard of pain like a boulder rolling around in one's stomach.⑳
⑳This is likely no human ailment...⑳
⑳These bruises are as black as soot.⑳
⑳It can't be... Does that mean Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse has been growing stronger throughout the ages?⑳
The hauntings had gone out of control, and there were ominous soot-colored bruises swelling across the girl's abdomen.
The two men looked into the tome of black arts that'd been stolen from Suzunome when she was sacrificed.
When they did, they hypothesized that the soot had grown with each generation and was now about to reach its limit.
If this kept up, the soot would grow too powerful for the sacrifice to bear, and would burst out of her...
The girl was facing hellish anguish from the swollen soot seeking to explode out of her.
⑳It hurts... It hurts... Agh...⑳
⑳Kill me... Kill me... aaghhhhhh...⑳
⑳We cannot.⑳
The girl desperately sought release from her living hell, but the family head coldly denied her that mercy.
⑳Your role is to pass the curse on to that child in your womb.⑳
⑳The birth is just two more months away. Endure it. Once you do, you may join your mothers in peace...⑳
⑳Once you have your child, you will be released from your suffering.⑳
Those were the words each family head said to each sacrifice every generation.
Of course, they all knew just how agonizing her end would be...
⑳Judging from the state of the previous sacrifices as per these records...⑳
⑳...the cursed soot appears to have been growing in the sacrifice with each successive generation.⑳
⑳So if she has her child, it will inherit a soot far stronger than hers.⑳
⑳This girl has already suffered unimaginable pain.⑳
⑳In the worst-case scenario, her daughter may die before she can bear the next child at all.⑳
⑳If she dies, the land will be faced with a calamity most infernal. We cannot allow that.⑳
⑳It hurts... It hurts...⑳
⑳Save me... Mu...⑳
⑳...tsu...⑳
⑳I found it! This may work!⑳
The curse wasn't the only thing the Kurokami family had inherited over the centuries.
There was also the black arts tome taken from Suzunome.
In it, the head discovered a certain spell.
⑳With this spell, we can ease the effects of the curse on an unborn child.⑳
⑳This spell will create more fetuses in the womb and spread the corruption amongst them, thus weakening the curse.⑳
⑳My goodness... So it's a spell that produces twins...?⑳
⑳It will increase the number of sacrifices, but that's a price we'll have to pay.⑳
⑳With this, her womb will fill with more children. The soot will disperse amongst them, diminishing the overall concentration!⑳
No one knew for what purpose the spell had originally been created.
Perhaps those who had devised the soot sealing ritual had foreseen an outcome like this and thus came up with a countermeasure.
This spell made a mockery of life, and yet the head didn't hesitate to use it.
He waited until the girl reached her final month of pregnancy.
Then he placed her on an altar surrounded by eerie candles.
Once he was ready, he recited the ancient cursed words.
⑳Heh heh heh. Twins? How shortsighted.⑳
⑳I don't care if it's triplets or even quadruplets. The more there are, the lesser the soot...⑳
⑳May your womb be filled with children! Let the cursed soot be split amongst them!⑳
⑳Mu...tsu...⑳
⑳Kghhh... ghhhaghhhh... grghhhhhh...⑳
The girl's swollen stomach distorted from the inside like a bubbling cauldron.
Almost like a monster were trying to eat its way out of her.
The unfettered pain was too much for the girl to bear, and she finally passed out, foaming at the mouth.
The family head continued reciting the cursed words.
At that moment, there was a splash of blood, followed by the cries of babies.
The heads of several babies burst out of their mother's abdomen.
Suffering from agony untold in any era, the girl convulsed and passed away.
⑳Ha ha... Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Yes! I did it!⑳
⑳One, two, three... Oh, what fortune!⑳
⑳There are five of them! Ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
The eternal hell would never end...
She would be kept alive in it until the end of time—all in order to keep the curse sealed.
But she accepted her fate.
For her eternal suffering meant preventing a calamity.
She believed by doing so, she was protecting the happiness of many...
⑳Not too far back, there was a fire at the Kurokami home. I hear the tome of black arts was lost then.⑳
⑳...⑳
Though the curse was sealed, it was also the cause of the sacrifices' ever-growing suffering.
For some reason, Suzumu felt like the loss of that tome had been another form of divine punishment—albeit mild and belated...
⑳Which means the quintuplets spell can't be used again.⑳
⑳The cursed soot festers with each generation. So eventually, the spell will be unable to contain it once more.⑳
⑳And that time may not be too far off.⑳
⑳Toé has mentioned feeling like multiple boulders are rolling in her stomach.⑳
⑳You don't mean...⑳
⑳Yes. It may be a sign the spell is all but broken.⑳
⑳And now that the quintuplets spell has been lost, there is no longer any way to mitigate the soot within the sacrifice.⑳
⑳All they can do is try to prevent any more soot from gathering.⑳
⑳The Kurokamis have a theory that the additional soot is taken in from the father.⑳
⑳...And that's why they needed a fiancé?⑳
⑳You catch on quick. Yes, that's right.⑳
⑳It seems Toé can see what soot others carry within them.⑳
I finally understood why Toé was engaged.
She had been looking for someone without any soot in order to keep the soot within her from growing.
And finally, she found that someone in Sho Kamenuma.
The soot within her was already reaching its limit.
So she needed a fiancé without even a single speck of it.
Virtually everyone was born with a speck or two of soot in them.
Someone completely free of that was one in a million.
⑳The Kurokamis are fully aware of what kind of person Kamenuma is.⑳
⑳But they don't have any other options. So all they can do is let it slide.⑳
...She didn't even have the freedom to love who she wanted.
She was kept alive only to marry a man she didn't love so she could pass the curse she carried within down to her child—unable to bask in the joys of adolescence.
⑳Generally speaking, public awareness of human rights rose after the war, and as a result, the subsequent heads of the Kurokami family have been much kinder.⑳
⑳They treat their children not as sacrifices, but as daughters.⑳
⑳Toé's father let her go to school because he wanted her to experience a normal life.⑳
⑳Though she needs to have a child before she turns twenty by the earliest.⑳
⑳In most cases, the sacrifice died in childbirth.⑳
⑳So she only has a few more years left to live...⑳
⑳...But that won't mean the end of the suffering.⑳
⑳It'll just start all over again with that new life...⑳
⑳...That's right.⑳
⑳Toé may have been suffering for the last thousand years.⑳
⑳At first, I began my research to discover what my hauntings truly were.⑳
⑳But now, what I want more than anything is to save Toé.⑳
⑳I wish to find a way to put an end to Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse.⑳
⑳They've already suffered for a thousand years. I wonder if there's no way for the deer god to forgive them.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I think that would be... complicated.⑳
⑳I mean, it wasn't like Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto wanted to curse Kurokami and the others.⑳
⑳But as for how they could be forgiven...⑳
⑳...I can't think of anything.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Same here.⑳
⑳But I don't care who's doing it. There's no reason Toé should have to suffer any longer.⑳
⑳That's right. That's what makes me so angry.⑳
⑳Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto should never have forced Toé and all those before her to suffer with this unjust curse.⑳
⑳I know how hard it is. When I was young, my hauntings were devastating. I don't want to go through that ever again.⑳
⑳I want to find a way to break the curse.⑳
⑳We have your knowledge, and my power.⑳
⑳I think I can help you find it from another angle.⑳
I didn't know how.
But I believed if I continued training and could pass some sort of threshold, I could obtain my own power.
⑳Thank you for sticking around with me for so long.⑳
⑳You must be tired from all this chatting, right?⑳
⑳Honestly, I'm still a little surprised.⑳
⑳I bet. Heh heh.⑳
⑳I'm kinda hungry. Wanna grab a bite with me?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳No thank you. I'd actually like to explore the shrine a little more.⑳
⑳Okay, gotcha.⑳
⑳Then if you'll excuse me.⑳
⑳See you at school.⑳
I said goodbye to Ms. Hinagata and returned to the shrine grounds.
Of course, it's true that I was stunned by such an outlandish story.
But apart from that, I felt like I'd gone on a thousand-year long trip for some reason.
Like I'd just left the theater after watching a long, long movie.
I wanted to be alone so I could get my feelings sorted out.
...I felt like I was still in the movie.
Everyone's had times where they've empathized too much and felt like they'd become the protagonist.
But even after returning to reality, I still felt that way.
In fact, I felt more like I'd finally remembered something I'd forgotten for many years.
It was a strange feeling—one I'd never experienced before—and I just couldn't get rid of it...
I returned to the doll memorial hall.
Though the main shrine was constantly full of people, this place was always desolate.
It felt as though this place was far removed from reality.
I think I went there because I didn't want to go back to reality until I'd sorted out my feelings.
Or maybe I was guided there...
-She- was waiting in front of the doll memorial hall.
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...Suzu...⑳
I tried to say ⑳Kurokami,⑳ but my mouth said ⑳Suzu⑳ instead.
Who was Suzu? Was I mixing her up with someone with a similar name?
But I didn't know anyone called that.
She smiled wryly when she saw even I was taken aback.
⑳...You're a thousand years too late.⑳
⑳You have quite the gall to show up after all this time... Mutsu.⑳
I didn't understand what Kurokami was saying.
But though her words were venomous, she also seemed a little happy, too.
⑳I swear I'll save you.⑳
⑳I don't know why, but it's my duty.⑳
⑳You're a thousand years too late.⑳
⑳What can you possibly do now? You, who gave up after breaking his fist on a bell?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳No, I do not intend to mock you.⑳
⑳My curse is finally ripe after a thousand years.⑳
⑳It must be fate that one who inherited the blood of that village of soot should show up now, at the very end.⑳
⑳I shall take your soot.⑳
⑳And then I shall call forth all my power to bring calamity to this land.⑳
⑳Are you... the deer god?⑳
⑳So you can see who I am, descendant of Mutsu?⑳
⑳I won't deny the suffering that brought forth your desire to curse everyone.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳However...⑳
⑳...Kurokami doesn't deserve to take the blame for it.⑳
⑳I am aware of that. I cannot help but sympathize for this girl, either.⑳
⑳That is precisely why now, at the end of this path...⑳
⑳...I want to grant her dearest wish.⑳
⑳For you to hold her as her role is brought to its end.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳If that's what Kurokami wants... then I'll fulfill that wish.⑳
⑳However...⑳
⑳...I know that right now, at the very least...⑳
⑳...that's not what she wants.⑳
⑳And how do you know?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Because otherwise... she wouldn't have pushed me away.⑳
I was a descendant of the cursed village of Susuda.
Though miniscule compared to the descendants of the sacrifice, I should have had much more soot in me than the average person.
That was why Kurokami had called me corrupted.
And why she couldn't afford to be with me...
⑳Even if her greatest wish was to see me again...⑳
⑳...she still didn't want to abandon her responsibility of protecting this land.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Of course, I believe she has the right to abandon that duty whenever she wants.⑳
⑳She can relinquish that unfair fate she was forced into at any time.⑳
⑳But that's for her to decide.⑳
⑳Not me... or you.⑳
⑳...I have seen many a character these thousand years...⑳
⑳...but you truly are special. You are worthy to number among the gears of my fate.⑳
⑳You have every right to curse this land.⑳
⑳However...⑳
⑳You don't have the right to disregard her feelings.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You truly are a bizarre man.⑳
⑳You must be a messenger of the heavens sent to bear witness to the fulfillment of my thousand-year wish.⑳
⑳I know not what twist of fate guided you here...⑳
⑳But no child of man can hope to overturn her destiny.⑳
I felt a whirlwind.
Fallen leaves swirled at her feet, giving her a menacing aura.
Next, antlers befitting a deer god slowly sprouted out of her head.
I recognized her.
This was the image that had come to my mind the whole time I was listening to Ms. Hinagata's story.
⑳I am the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto.⑳
⑳I have awakened from my thousand-year slumber... and now, I shall bring calamity unto this land.⑳
⑳Not yet.⑳
⑳That's for her to decide.⑳
⑳Suzunome's role has already ended.⑳
⑳It's not over yet. I won't let it end.⑳
⑳Otherwise...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...her thousand years of sorrow and agony will have all been for nothing.⑳
Though she had been treated like a prisoner, she'd always had one avenue of escape.
But she had never chosen death.
She could have rejected her food, or bit off her tongue.
But no matter how hellish her life was, she denied death at every turn.
It couldn't have been easy.
Over the last thousand years, the temptation of dying—of being released from her suffering—should have come to her countless times.
A millennium of nightmares offered many opportunities for that.
Perhaps she was resisting the urge to put an end to it all even at this very moment.
⑳She endured all that, and kept living for a thousand years...⑳
⑳Therefore, only she has the right to decide how this ends!⑳
⑳If you take that from her, there'll be nothing left of those thousand years! It will have all gone to waste!⑳
⑳Do not preach to me, accursed child of man.⑳
Her eyes glowed scarlet.
At that moment, the countless dolls lining the hall collapsed one after another like dominoes.
Every cell in my body was overwhelmed by an invisible force.
⑳The time has come, boy.⑳
⑳You were brought here only as a reward for her thousand years of service.⑳
⑳Now cease your prattling. Prostrate yourself before me and play your part in my destiny.⑳
⑳No. It's not your destiny.⑳
⑳If there is any destiny that brought the two of us here, it's hers. As such, the decision falls on her shoulders.⑳
⑳She'll decide this for herself. I'm here to defend her right to do that.⑳
⑳...What are you scheming?⑳
I lowered my hips... and readied my fist.
My fist was to be dedicated to God.
I was faced with a god, and a catastrophe that should be prevented. There was no better time than now.
I had trained myself in this fist for as long as I could remember.
It was all for this very moment.
⑳...⑳
⑳You seem to believe the strength of your will dwells in that fist.⑳
⑳But that's all you have.⑳
⑳...⑳
I hated to admit it, but she was right.
I had the desire to resist fate, but that was it.
All I had was a flesh-and-blood fist. It wasn't glowing with some miraculous power that dwelled within.
⑳But I accept your offering.⑳
⑳Mutsu's descendant is here on the eve of my awakening after a thousand years.⑳
⑳You have the right to present me an offering. So be it... Mutsu.⑳
⑳Fill your fist with your righteous indignation for this girl's lot and strike me as you will.⑳
⑳You shall learn of futility. But that is well.⑳
⑳Children of men refer to the act of dying without realizing their futility 'dying with regret.'⑳
⑳I would not wish that upon you. Heh heh heh heh...⑳
Every drop of sweat and blood during training was all for this.
I put everything I'd accumulated over those years into my fist.
If it was fated a thousand years ago that I would be here today...
...then I'd ask fate to endow my fist with a miracle to match.
I clenched my fist so hard it almost broke.
⑳...⑳
⑳Hajakensho—crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path.⑳
⑳I am Suzumu Susuhara, practitioner of the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style...⑳
⑳Now!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...It is done.⑳
⑳I have received your offering. Of this, I am certain.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...Ghh... ughhh...⑳
Suzumu's face warped with agony as he fell on one knee.
He had certainly punched the god in the abdomen.
But his fist... had broken.
Blood gushed out of his torn skin.
The god's body had been too rigid and cold.
Like it was made of metal—specifically, bronze.
Crimson pearls dripped to the ground and scattered at his feet like red flowers.
⑳Pitiful man.⑳
⑳So this is the end of your thousand-year journey. A painful reminder of your powerlessness.⑳
⑳It can't... be...⑳
⑳Ghhh... ghhhhhhhhh...⑳
⑳I have received your offering.⑳
⑳Why do you shed tears? You need not weep any longer.⑳
⑳For now you two can be together.⑳
⑳Savor your thousand-year reunion together, between the grinding gears of my fate.⑳
She spread her hands and gently wrapped them around Suzumu's head.
Almost like she was comforting a wailing infant.
...Suzumu's tears were not of pain.
Merely anger at his own powerlessness.
For all of his efforts... had done nothing to save her.
So he lamented his failure.
However, those feelings slowly drifted off into the void.
In the god's gentle embrace, warm as a blanket, all his regrets melted away.
Before long... Suzumu's consciousness faded away as though drifting off to sleep.
⑳...⑳
By the time she spread open her hands, Suzumu had vanished into nothingness.
Before long, all lingering affection faded from her face, giving way to an expression truly suitable for a curse.
⑳Behold your fate, man-demons! I am the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto!⑳
⑳Today this land shall suffer its divine retribution! Prostrate yourselves and tremble before the wrath of a god!⑳
Those on the shrine's grounds could see her rising into the sky.
The divine curse looked down from on high and sneered malevolently.
⑳This shall mark the hour of heavenly vengeance!⑳
Black clouds filled the air and blotted out the sky, as though she were willing them to.
The townsfolk could only stop and gape in astonishment.
They all saw something black falling from the sky.
Was it snow? Feathers?
No. It was judgment.
The asphalt, concrete, tiles, and floors were stained black in the blink of an eye.
There was a flash of scarlet... and a moment later, flames taller than skyscrapers erupted forth.
Dragons of fire spouted out over town, one after another.
The flames licked the streets as though they had a mind of their own and engulfed them all in succession.
Swallowed by the hellfire, the townsfolk writhed about as they succumbed to their agony.
Yet the cursed flames would not allow them to die until they'd been scorched to charcoal.
The townsfolk suffered the fires of hell until they were no longer recognizable as human.
The high-rise buildings were devoured by fire one after the next. People scrambled to leap from their windows—though few made it that far.
Screams mixed with the howl of the scorching winds, like the roar of the sea.
The manifestation of the curse listened with a faint smile, but before long, she cast down her eyes and shook her head slightly.
Did this disaster wrench her heart, too?
⑳It is not enough.⑳
⑳A calamity like this is hardly enough.⑳
⑳This is hardly enough to ease Brother's lament. It's not enough! It's not enough! It's not enough!⑳
⑳I must gather more and more soot!⑳
⑳I must gather more soot and bring about a far grander calamity!⑳
⑳I must deliver unto Brother a scourge more befitting of our sorrow!⑳
...Even after the sun had set, the flames of the divine curse blazed fiercely as ever.
The likes of the children of men were powerless to put it out.
All they could do was wait for the wrath of the divine to subside, just like in the days of yore.
The two looked down upon that scene from a rift in the clouds.
They had no bodies.
But they could feel each other's warmth, signaling that they were together.
Since they had no bodies, they had no mouths, and therefore could not speak.
However, they could exchange feelings.
Both of them were happy to be reunited after a thousand years, of course.
But the heartbreak they felt at the scene before them far outweighed that.
She had fought for a thousand years to keep this hell from breaking loose...
And yet this conclusion spat in the face of her struggle.
Unable to bask in their joy, the pair could do nothing but silently behold the hell unfolding below them.
...He was bitter.
Suzumu's heart gradually filled with frustration.
He hated himself for being too weak to prevent this conclusion that saddened her so.
⑳Don't worry about it,⑳ she whispered.
⑳We finally met again after a thousand years. That's good enough for me.⑳
But Suzumu couldn't accept it—no, he didn't -want- to accept it.
He absolutely didn't want to acknowledge this end as her salvation.
...But their time was up.
Their emotions gradually melted into a warm slumber.
⑳...Farewell, Mutsu... Susuhara...⑳
⑳May we meet again... in another life.⑳
...
...
(I can't.)
(I can't.)
(There's no way I can accept this!)
(There's no way I can accept this!)
⑳Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!⑳
Mutsu punched a rock showered by the waterfall.
His face was damp with tears and splashes of water.
After his exile, Mutsu had tried again to save Suzunome.
But the villagers standing guard discovered him and wounded him so badly, he'd only barely escaped with his life.
And after three days, the curse was sealed into Suzunome's body.
With that, merely saving her was pointless.
He had to find a way to break the curse sealed within her.
Afterwards, he had taken the guise of a traveling monk and traversed the land, looking into spells and hidden arts.
But as what he sought to break was a black art, he had been unable to acquire any information at all.
The more he investigated, the deeper his despair grew.
And one day, in his travels, he had learned that Suzunome had already passed away...
⑳Curse this fist... Curse this forsaken fist!⑳
⑳If only! If only I had resolve powerful enough to render my arm—no, my whole body asunder!⑳
⑳Then perhaps I could have brought about the miracle... of breaking that bell!⑳
⑳Why?! It was the only chance I had! Why couldn't I bring forth a miracle?! Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!⑳
Mutsu had lunged with his fist in the moment Suzunome was being sealed into the bell.
Back then, he'd merely punched as his emotions had driven him.
But the more time passed, the more Mutsu became bitterly aware that he'd lost his only chance.
A human fist couldn't possibly break through a temple bell.
However...
...had he managed to bring about a miracle, he could have saved her...
Mutsu wept as he punched the cliff behind the waterfall over and over again.
(I want a miracle, even if it means sacrificing my own body.)
(Please, grant me a miracle to save her!)
Just then... Mutsu heard a voice from the heavens.
Your lament has reached my ears...
I am Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto...
It was a young and composed male voice.
Mutsu looked to the heavens—ignoring the waterfall pouring on him—and prostrated himself.
What is it you desire?
⑳I beseech you, bestow unto me a miracle! A miracle that—that could break that bell!⑳
...Certainly, a child of man's fist has no hope of breaking through a temple bell.
Then lend me your ears, child of man—Mutsu.
From this day onward, temper that fist so it may be stronger and more sublime than any other and dedicate it unto me.
Train every day. Pass your teachings down to your children. Have them dedicate their training to me.
Once a thousand years have passed...
...your descendant of that era will have the miracle you seek endowed in that fist.
⑳A thousand years?!⑳
⑳...!⑳
A child of man could do nothing against a god's curse.
That was why they'd had no choice but to rely on such black arts.
But even so...
⑳A thousand years... Only a thousand years!⑳
⑳Thank you! You have filled my soul with joy!⑳
⑳I, Mutsu, swear to devote myself to you for the next thousand years!⑳
⑳And I swear, the soot of divine wrath will be swept away by one who inherits my blood!⑳
The founding of the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style dates back a millennium.
It was said the founder was a traveling monk and a mountain priest.
As he was training under a waterfall, he received a divine revelation to dedicate his tempered fist to God.
That fist is not for fighting.
It is to be dedicated to God.
It preaches respecting the laws of honor, revering God and one's ancestors, and other spiritual practices.
That fist and that mentality was passed on through the generations.
And thus six or so centuries passed.
Mutsu and Suzunome's names were forgotten, as was the name of the god that fist was dedicated to.
But Mutsu's descendants continued devoting themselves to honing their minds and fists.
And so another four centuries passed, bringing us to the present.
The Susuhara Divine Tribute Style has been passed down to this day.
Its current instructor is Gentaro Susuhara.
He is its 60th instructor since its founding.
His son, Suzumu, has been undergoing intense training since he was a boy, intending to become the 61st instructor.
If all this is true, that would make this the oldest style of martial arts in Japanese history.
The Susuhara Divine Tribute Style and its thousand-year history have been entrusted to young Suzumu and will likely keep surviving far into the future.
Furthermore, every New Year's, you can see it being practiced publicly on the bell of a temple close to the dojo.
This New Year's, Suzumu has sworn to become the art's thousand-year successor and punch the bell for the first time.
—From a local community magazine.
⑳...⑳
⑳Haaaaah!⑳
I punched the tree trunk with all my might.
But this wouldn't be enough.
I'd never attain it like this.
...Attain what?
I didn't know.
But I knew I had to attain it.
This fist had been honed over a thousand years.
If I bore the thoughts and feelings imbued into it from back then, then I couldn't be satisfied with how weak it was now.
This fist had been passed down to me from its founder over a millennium.
The Susuhara Divine Tribute Style had been tempered over that time with each generation.
And I was its thousand-year successor.
So I had to attain the peak that such a weighty history represented.
⑳Hajakensho—crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path.⑳
I recited those words and readied myself before I punched.
But I still didn't understand.
Was I punching to crush evil?
Or to demonstrate the righteous path?
I couldn't even tell that much.
⑳Suzumu, would you like some tea?⑳
⑳Thank you. I'd love some.⑳
⑳I read this. A thousand years of history? That's amazing! It's really, really unbelievable!⑳
⑳So you punched a bell on New Year's? Like, 'ding dong?'⑳
⑳More like 'wham.' It really hurt. Ha ha...⑳
⑳But why do you do that?⑳
⑳We're told the founder trained by punching a temple bell.⑳
⑳And at the end of his life, he finally managed to break it.⑳
⑳Ever since then, it's been said of the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style that once you break a temple bell, you pass into the realm of the gods.⑳
⑳I heard the whole reason they started punching a temple bell each year was in order to achieve that.⑳
⑳If the temple people found out, they probably wouldn't let you do that ever again, huh?⑳
⑳Ha ha ha, you're probably right.⑳
⑳I do feel bad for the people there, but...⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳I swear...⑳
⑳...I will break it.⑳
Rokugamihime: Rokugami Princess
The sounds of the sports clubs practicing in the schoolyard after school reached the infirmary.
Yet the sound was rendered near-melancholic in the near-empty school.
Suzumu and Hinagata were in the infirmary together.
⑳How do we save them all?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Our only choice is to destroy the cursed soot.⑳
⑳And you're probably the only one who can do that.⑳
Yesterday, Suzumu and Hinagata had used their Sunday to meet up with Suzumu's father.
They'd gone to learn about the roots of the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style.
But more than anything, they'd wanted to see his power.
It went without saying, but with Mr. Susuhara being the current master of the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style...
...he would be far better versed in it than Suzumu, logically speaking.
Thus, they were hoping he had the power to destroy hauntings—stronger than Suzumu's, anyway.
Hinagata was also a descendant of the sacrifice to the cursed soot.
She would be able to tell if he possessed such power.
But unfortunately, it seemed Mr. Susuhara no longer had it.
⑳People's spiritual defenses increase with age.⑳
⑳But put another way, you can say one's spiritual channels fall out of sync the older they get.⑳
It's easy for those channels to sync up with spirits during adolescence, which is why even average people can be prone to hauntings.
But those channels gradually tune out as the years pass.
Perhaps it could be likened to hearing. People stop hearing spirits' voices the older they get.
⑳I believe your father must have possessed an amazing power when he was your age.⑳
⑳But by this point...⑳
⑳This would be over in a jiffy if your father could help. But reality isn't so convenient.⑳
⑳On the plus side, you're at the perfect age right now—spiritually, anyway.⑳
⑳Only I can do it...⑳
⑳Yes. You're our only hope of wiping out the cursed soot.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳In all the ancient documents I read, there wasn't a single person who could ease the hauntings.⑳
⑳You are, without a doubt, an anomaly in the thousand years since Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse began.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I'll put an end to this curse.⑳
⑳I feel like that's my duty.⑳
⑳Perhaps the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style truly exists for that purpose.⑳
Hinagata was currently deciphering the ancient writings she'd borrowed from Mr. Susuhara.
Tsubakiko's family, the Harumiyas, were related to the Susuharas and had lived in Susuda for generations.
So there was a high probability the Susuharas' ancestors had a connection to this land.
Every New Year's, it was tradition to punch a temple bell with the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style.
And the shintai housed in Iwaimoto Shrine was a temple bell.
It all lined up with the legend of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse.
⑳I'm sure of it now.⑳
⑳One of your ancestors once lived in this land.⑳
⑳And they created the Divine Tribute Style in order to break the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto.⑳
⑳My family name is Susuhara—'drive the soot away.'⑳
⑳Yes. That name is clearly no coincidence.⑳
⑳You are the descendant of a clan who made it their duty to drive away the cursed soot of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto.⑳
Suzumu gripped his fists tightly with newfound purpose and resolve.
⑳All the descendants of the sacrifice are in this school. And you, who bears the name 'drive away the soot,' transferred here as well.⑳
⑳It has probably been exactly one thousand years since the curse began.⑳
⑳All of these events have lined up this year.⑳
⑳I think it must be fate.⑳
⑳I agree.⑳
⑳And the soot sealed in Toé's body is already at its limit after those thousand years.⑳
⑳Will the cursed soot be released, unleashing a terrifying calamity on this land?⑳
⑳Or...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I will put an end to this curse.⑳
⑳I may not have much experience, and I don't have the power I need just yet...⑳
⑳But I swear I'll learn it.⑳
Suzumu had borrowed the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style's book of secrets from his father.
For the first time in his life, Suzumu was aiming high not because his training told him to, but because he wanted to.
Once he saw that, his father had realized Suzumu's Divine Tribute Style had entered the final stage towards completion.
His training would become even more special from this day onward.
Suzumu would learn the heart of the secret texts and perfect his technique.
⑳I don't plan to just sit back and let you take care of everything, of course.⑳
⑳I'll keep looking into old writings and continue my research into the cursed soot.⑳
It wasn't like the infirmary was always busy.
Hinagata would continue deciphering the ancient writings during the slow hours.
Perhaps she'd find a clue to destroying the soot in them.
⑳This is just a hypothesis, but are you aware of the psychological phenomenon known as flashbacks?⑳
⑳No, what are they?⑳
⑳It's when you suddenly remember traumatic experiences as clear as day.⑳
⑳Though the mechanisms behind them haven't been fully clarified, they're easy to explain if you assume they're hauntings.⑳
⑳Let's think of traumatic experiences—in other words, psychological scars—as wounds that completely penetrate the mind's spiritual defenses.⑳
⑳If that traumatic experience itself was a haunting, then it would mean the spirit had reached the victim's mind and remained there.⑳
⑳So you're saying the malice of those spirits remains embedded in people's minds?⑳
⑳Exactly. There they fester, causing the hauntings we know as flashbacks that continue tormenting the victim...⑳
⑳What I'm getting at is, the mind may very well be a target for spiritual parasites.⑳
⑳Of course, these may all just be the wild delusions of a teacher obsessed with these kinds of hypotheses.⑳
⑳But if the cursed soot is also a spiritual entity, then I believe it parasitizes the mind.⑳
⑳And that it has its roots in emotional trauma that penetrated spiritual defenses...⑳
⑳Does that mean there's a connection between mental trauma and the cursed soot?⑳
⑳Most people say mental trauma heals with time. That lines up with how spiritual defenses strengthen with age.⑳
⑳And when I consider my own experience...⑳
⑳...I believe the cursed soot settles in people's emotional trauma.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳In other words, getting therapy or something may very well be another valid approach. Heh.⑳
Suzumu would aim to drive away the cursed soot through the Divine Tribute Style he'd trained in.
Meanwhile, Hinagata would aim to heal the roots of the cursed soot by using psychotherapy.
⑳It's like you're a doctor of Western medicine, while I'm a doctor of traditional medicine.⑳
⑳I'll fight the curse physically, and you'll heal it from its roots...⑳
⑳Exactly. A pincer attack.⑳
Suzumu and Hinagata would surround the curse from both fronts.
They swore to fight back against it for the first time in history.
⑳Okay kids, take your seats!⑳
⑳We'll be doing some cleanup work next Sunday!⑳
⑳Roger that. I feel at my calmest when I'm cleaning.⑳
⑳Can you make it too, Riria? Or do you have too much work?⑳
⑳I wouldn't be a high school idol if I couldn't balance school life and work.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Come along if you're feeling well enough, okay, Toé?⑳
⑳Ghhoooo...⑳
⑳Heh heh, I'll show you all my great broom skills!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Susuhara?⑳
⑳Oh, sorry. I zoned out.⑳
On the outside, the LCSC looked harmonious.
But all of them were suffering.
And it wasn't just them.
Many others had suffered in the thousand years it'd taken to reach this point.
I swore I'd put an end to it.
I'd bring back their smiles. Every last one of them.
The book of secrets I'd borrowed from my father didn't have anything so awe-inspiring inside like one might expect from the name.
It was just everything he had taught to me since I was a child.
But the basics of the basics were likely secrets in and of themselves.
⑳Though it is a form of martial arts, the Divine Tribute Style is not for fighting...⑳
And its fist was not for violence.
⑳The founder broke a bell. Therefore, it is a common misconception that training one's fist to be powerful is the goal.⑳
⑳But that's wrong. The breaking of the bell was the result, not the goal.⑳
⑳The founder didn't punch to break the bell. He punched to dedicate his fist to God...⑳
But what did that mean in its core sense?
Did it refer to the ancient definition, where people would present their yields to their gods as thanks for their blessings?
⑳The Divine Tribute Style is not to be used in anger. Those fundamentals are key to understanding it.⑳
⑳I thought that meant punching with a clear mind up until now.⑳
But that was part of the process, not the destination.
I would advance to a new stage from now on.
⑳Hajakensho—crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path.⑳
⑳And in doing so, offer your thanks to God.⑳
Dedicate the fist. Offer thanks, and dedicate.
...
...
It was strange. Up until now, I'd felt heat in my fist, but something was different this time.
I felt heat in the core of my body, like there was a tree growing from my stomach.
I knew then I'd taken my first step into a new realm.
⑳I am Suzumu Susuhara, practitioner of the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style...⑳
⑳Now!⑳
Those working in the shrine's office bowed when they noticed Toé returning from school.
Toé returned their bows this time, but she clearly wasn't feeling well.
She hadn't had any hauntings when she was in the LCSC clubroom with Suzumu.
But once he'd left, they immediately came back with a vengeance.
⑳...⑳
Toé gripped her abdomen and looked down for a while.
It hurt from time to time.
Like there was a dry riverbed in her stomach with giant boulders rolling around...
The pains had been coming without notice these days.
And they grew worse each successive time.
Toé knew from the ancient writings what those pains signified.
⑳...I'm already... at my... limit...⑳
The sacrifice who'd been subjected to the quintuplets spell had also complained of a pain like a giant boulder rolling in her stomach.
This pain likely indicated the soot inside her had hit its limit.
But the quintuplets spell had been lost.
All she could do was endure the pain, hold off the curse for as long as possible, and have a child as soon as she could.
...
⑳...It hurts... aghh... ghh...⑳
⑳Are you all right, Toé?! Hang in there!⑳
⑳...Go... a...⑳
⑳...way... ughhhh...⑳
⑳Someone help! Toé collapsed again!⑳
⑳Come over here, mountain deer, mountain deer.⑳
⑳I cannot, I cannot, for there are demons there.⑳
⑳Make a helmet from a pot, mountain deer, mountain deer.⑳
⑳I cannot, I cannot, for my antlers, I fear.⑳
⑳Make cover with your covers, mountain deer, mountain deer.⑳
⑳I cannot, I cannot, for I'm sooty, I fear.⑳
⑳I want that child.⑳
⑳Whatever child do you mean?⑳
⑳Let us have a chat.⑳
⑳Yes, let us.⑳
Three human-like figures with antlers danced in the doll ritual tool shed, which was naturally packed to the gills with dolls.
Then they came to a sudden stop and quietly sat down.
⑳...⑳
⑳Well now, what do you wish to discuss, Sister?⑳
⑳...⑳
Another human-like figure with antlers appeared in the center of them.
⑳I have gathered enough soot. The time has finally come.⑳
⑳Congratulations, Sister.⑳
⑳Congratulations. The man-demons shall face the hellfire they've so long deserved.⑳
⑳However... this is hardly sufficient.⑳
⑳What do you mean?⑳
⑳The amount of soot I have gathered...⑳
⑳...is hardly enough to bring our siblings' souls peace.⑳
A silence descended upon the room.
A thousand years was hardly a short time to gather enough soot to lay vengeance on the humans, even for them.
It would have been agonizing to wait longer to exact their revenge, even for the manifestations of the curse.
⑳You are not alone, Sister. We shall finish what you started.⑳
⑳With the four of us, we can bring about four calamities.⑳
⑳That would be far too lenient.⑳
⑳Then what do you propose, Sister?⑳
⑳I wish to combine our soot as one.⑳
⑳Causing four meager calamities would amount to little.⑳
⑳If we are to make the man-demons' lamentations roar through the heavens...⑳
⑳...we have no choice but to combine our soot and bring about a calamity beyond all precedent.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Your lament is mine, Sister, but we have also eagerly awaited our day of wrath.⑳
⑳For ages have we too dreamed of the day our vengeance would come to fruition.⑳
⑳We cannot part with our soot so readily...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳However, our objective is to observe the man-demons' agony and assuage our siblings' tormented souls as much as possible...⑳
⑳If our sister's ambitions will serve that purpose...⑳
⑳Then I see no reason not to entrust our revenge to her.⑳
⑳Is that what you truly wish, Sister?⑳
⑳We are the divine curse. We exist to soothe the god's pain.⑳
⑳We shall seek no reward.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Are you in accord as well?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳If a calamity of the union of our soot may ease our brother's soul greater than four calamities...⑳
⑳...then I too am in accord... under one condition.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Name it.⑳
⑳If we are to gather our soot together for maximum devastation... then we cannot ignore the soot lying within him.⑳
⑳You refer to the soot of Mutsu's descendant, Suzumu Susuhara, yes?⑳
⑳Indeed. The soot of Mutsu's descendant is stronger, thicker, and greater than any other.⑳
⑳If our desire is to gather all the soot to bring about an unparalleled calamity, then by no means can we disregard that.⑳
⑳It has truly been ages since I have seen one with such soot.⑳
⑳It would be quite a shame to let it go...⑳
⑳The more soot the better, of course.⑳
⑳We would be fools to overlook it.⑳
⑳Indeed. Thus, I wish to ask of you a boon, Sister.⑳
⑳What say you to the proposition that the one who obtains Suzumu Susuhara's soot...⑳
⑳...shall be the one to gather all our soot and bring forth the calamity?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳What say you, Sister?⑳
⑳We are the divine curse. Regardless of who takes that role, our ambition shall be fulfilled all the same.⑳
⑳Then I suppose that would make this a competition.⑳
⑳As long as we compete fairly, we shall have no cause to begrudge the winner, no matter who she may be.⑳
⑳What say you, Sister?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I have no objections. And you, Sister?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳So be it.⑳
⑳The one who obtains Suzumu Susuhara's soot shall gather all our soot in turn.⑳
⑳Many thanks.⑳
⑳This is quite the surprise. Long has it been since my heart beat with such zeal.⑳
⑳But do not let your guard down.⑳
⑳What have we to fear?⑳
⑳Do not let your guard down around Suzumu Susuhara.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳He is already... awakening.⑳
Rokugamihime: Rokugami Princess
⑳I have taken over your resentment and soot. Of this, I am certain.⑳
⑳Accursed Suzumu Susuhara... To think you would defeat one of us.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Do you both still desire his soot?⑳
She slowly turned her gaze to her two remaining sisters.
The pair exchanged looks amidst the heavy silence.
⑳...⑳
⑳Of course, Sister.⑳
Their eyes glowed scarlet.
⑳...⑳
⑳Of course, Sister.⑳
Their eyes glowed scarlet.
⑳...⑳
⑳Of course, Sister.⑳
Their eyes glowed scarlet.
⑳Naturally, I will keep my promise. Whoever obtains his soot shall receive all of ours.⑳
⑳It matters not which one of us brings forth the calamity, so long as Brother's soul can rest in peace.⑳
⑳However... he is powerful.⑳
⑳Do not make light of Mutsu's descendant.⑳
Her sisters nodded.
Their lips curved into fearless smiles.
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
Toé felt something alien fall from her chest to her abdomen.
It was like a fist-sized stone had been jammed directly into her stomach.
That pain—like her body was full of stones—had increased yet again, signaling her destruction was nigh.
The thousand-year curse wouldn't stay sealed for long.
But if so, then for what reason had she suffered all these years?
At least if she died with the calamity still sealed within her, she would have something to show for all her suffering, however small.
⑳...⑳
It was under that belief her countless selves had suffered and died over the past millennium.
That cycle was finally reaching its conclusion—no, its ruin.
The quintuplets spell was gone.
There was no longer any way to postpone the curse.
It was as though she and all her past selves had only lived to bring about the calamity in this era.
⑳...⑳
Just then, a distant memory of long ago flashed through Toé's mind.
A memory of the will left behind by the mother who'd died giving birth to her.
Knowing the daughter she'd never see would inherit her suffering, her mother had left behind a letter as an apology.
Toé believed she would do the same if she ever became pregnant.
There was another letter that came with the will.
The second part was in a sealed envelope, and read thus:
⑳Read this only when you can no longer bear the stones in your stomach.⑳
Her mother had foreseen this.
She'd predicted that the day when the soot sealing spell broke would not be far off...
The sound of Suzumu punching the straw-wrapped tree resounded over and over again.
Once, he had punched with eyes wide open, seeking earnestness.
But it was a bit different now.
His eyes were squinted and a bit out of focus.
However, he wasn't slacking on his training.
His fist was to be dedicated to God in gratitude.
To dedicate an offering to God meant committing it to the flames.
If that were the case, then it was the offering, not the act of throwing it in fire, that was important.
The same went for the Divine Tribute Style.
What mattered was not the act of punching, but offering thanks to God.
Punching was a way to offer dedication to God, but the punch itself was not the thing dedicated.
Suzumu now felt he understood a little of what his father had taught him.
Though the Divine Tribute Style involved punching, it could never be perfected by anyone merely thrusting his fist.
Hajakensho—crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path.
Those words had been passed down since ancient times through the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style.
⑳Crush evil, demonstrate the righteous path, and be grateful to that which showed you the way.⑳
That was its spirit. The fist was nothing more than a way to convey that.
Suzumu would continue training until he reached the essence of the Divine Tribute Style.
And once he did...
...he could save everyone suffering from the hauntings.
He had defeated a divine curse the other day.
Perhaps it was a fluke. Perhaps it was coincidence.
But he felt like he'd attained something at that moment.
And perhaps he had. But he would attain more.
...
⑳Haah...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Yaah!⑳
Rokugamihime: Rokugami Princess
⑳I have taken over your resentment and soot. Of this, I am certain.⑳
⑳Those impertinent man-demons split up the soot with the quintuplets spell, but now no one can stop it from becoming one yet again.⑳
⑳The curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto shall return as one.⑳
⑳Then a calamity large enough to bring peace to Brother's soul and destroy the man-demons shall be brought about. Mark my words...⑳
⑳Hey Suzumu! Dinner'll be ready soon, so why don't you call it a day and take a shower?⑳
It didn't seem Suzumu had heard her.
His heart and soul were devoted solely to his training.
Tsubakiko called out to him again, but his focus remained unbroken.
⑳Whew...⑳
...I felt like something was coming into view.
The divine curse had resided in the both of them, feeding off of their mental trauma.
Twice had my fist reached them.
Perhaps the second time was also a fluke. But it had reached nonetheless.
...At first, I only felt it with my fingers.
But this time, I felt it with my palm—a resistance of sorts.
Perhaps this was arrogant, but I felt I needed to say it:
Step by step, I was slowly but surely approaching the essence of the Divine Tribute Style.
I'd already felt it with my hand.
I just had to grasp it.
Grasp it, clench my hand into a fist, and dedicate it.
⑳Yaaah!⑳
⑳Whew...⑳
⑳Huh? Kiko?⑳
⑳Ready to eat? I can heat it up for you.⑳
⑳I tried telling you, but you didn't hear a word I said. You sure were focused, huh?⑳
⑳Yeah. I think I've almost grasped it.⑳
⑳What will happen when you do?⑳
⑳I think I'll be able to save everyone.⑳
⑳Who are you talking about?⑳
The faces of those in the LCSC suffering from hauntings flashed through my head.
But they weren't the only ones.
The divine curse had lasted a thousand years.
Simply saving a few of its descendants wouldn't cut it. I could tell.
So all I could say was this:
⑳Everyone.⑳
⑳I want to save everyone.⑳
All the people who'd suffered from the machinations of the divine curse.
The shrine's visitors went to pray not at the main hall, but the worship hall built in front of it.
Many unfamiliar with the shrine assumed that it -was- the main hall.
The shintai for the god deified in this shrine was stored in the main hall, however, not the worship hall.
As such, it was regarded as sacred, and not even the chief priests could enter without permission.
There were some shrines where not even the head priests ever beheld their shrine's shintai.
Iwaimoto Shrine's main hall was only open a few days a year for cleaning.
But the general public wasn't allowed inside—just the chief priest of the Kurokamis and the representatives of the parishioners.
Thus, it was a very sacred and majestic place for Toé.
A bulky temple bell hung from a thick rope.
The room was decorated reverently, signifying this bell was unmistakably this shrine's shintai.
But the bell was neither fancy nor all that special.
It was a cursed bell covered faintly in soot that no amount of polish could ever remove.
The cursed millennium began from the moment Suzunome was sealed inside it and the soot-gathering ritual was conducted.
Since the bell was hanging off the ground, one could crawl into it if they wanted.
Toé had tried to do just that as a child, and was scolded harshly.
She was told the area under the bell was very sacred and thus off-limits.
Toé had come to the dimly-lit main hall all by herself.
She kneeled in front of the bell.
After that, she quietly opened her mother's letter.
⑳Read this only when you can no longer bear the stones in your stomach.⑳
The agony in her stomach was nigh-unbearable by now.
Meaning the time had come.
The foreword contained information her mother and grandmother had passed down.
The both of them had discerned that the seal on the cursed soot would break someday.
But they couldn't just let that come to pass.
To seal the soot away forever and keep this land safe.
That was the duty passed down to the daughters of the Kurokami family, generation after generation.
It seemed her grandmother had been seriously considering how to prepare for that day.
The seal had almost broken several hundred years ago, but the crisis was averted when they divided up the soot with the quintuplets spell.
And that was the only way the Kurokamis had of extending it.
But the tome with the spell had been lost to a fire.
Thus, there was an urgent need to find an alternative to a spell.
As a result, they had discovered one last viable resort.
That final resort...
...was written in the letter.
First of all, the seal could not last forever. That was a fact.
But it was mere wishful thinking that diluting the soot at just the right time would prevent a full-blown calamity.
In the end, the daughters of the Kurokamis would not be rewarded for keeping the curse sealed for a thousand years.
Despite that, however, there was one last resort that could weaken the calamity at least a little.
Her grandmother had once considered using it to end her own cursed life.
She couldn't bear the thought of having a child doomed to suffer from the same agony as her.
But in the end, she couldn't help but believe in the unfulfilled dream she, her ancestors, and her descendants had all clung to until the bitter end.
That the curse would somehow end, and Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's wrath would be quelled.
Otherwise, there would be no reward for the thousand years of suffering.
Which was why this last resort was only for when all hope of that miracle seemed lost.
A way to delay the curse for as long as possible, once the current sacrifice had made peace with her fate.
Someone who had never borne that burden might have given up at the realization that the calamity was inevitable.
But the sacrifices of the Kurokami family were familiar with suffering. All they wished for was that it would be worth something.
And Toé was no different.
...
⑳Thank you so much... Mother...⑳
⑳...I swear... that you and all our ancestors' suffering will not have been in vain...⑳
Toé made that vow, and looked up at the dimly-lit bell.
It shone there in solemn silence...
⑳Accursed as he may be, I must give credit to Mutsu's descendant.⑳
⑳To think he would repel our attempts not once, but twice...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳What shall you do?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳All of our soot combined shall make for a fitting calamity. To have his soot would be most splendid, but it shall not be taken easily...⑳
⑳Regardless, do you desire his guts?⑳
⑳Do you wish to bring forth the calamity with your own hands?⑳
⑳Of course.⑳
⑳It is our dearest wish to bring peace to Brother's soul.⑳
⑳Divided by the quintuplets spell though we were, my will is as fierce as yours, Sister.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳All of our soot combined shall make for a fitting calamity. To have his soot would be most splendid, but it shall not be taken easily...⑳
⑳Regardless, do you desire his guts?⑳
⑳Do you wish to bring forth the calamity with your own hands?⑳
⑳Of course.⑳
⑳It is our dearest wish to bring peace to Brother's soul.⑳
⑳Divided by the quintuplets spell though we were, my will is as fierce as yours, Sister.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳All of our soot combined shall make for a fitting calamity. To have his soot would be most splendid, but it shall not be taken easily...⑳
⑳Regardless, do you desire his guts?⑳
⑳Do you wish to bring forth the calamity with your own hands?⑳
⑳Of course.⑳
⑳It is our dearest wish to bring peace to Brother's soul.⑳
⑳Divided by the quintuplets spell though we were, my will is as fierce as yours, Sister.⑳
She slowly stood up.
Her gaze was fearless, her eyes shining scarlet...
Kanae Minobe
⑳Glory to do-nothing days! Cheers!⑳
⑳Cheers!⑳
⑳Do we really have to say 'cheers' when we're just drinking tea?⑳
⑳Kee hee hee hee! Well, you see, that nonsense-monger Libbie Errol once gave us a grand speech!⑳
⑳'To say 'cheers' would only admit that we need cheering. So let's toast 'down the hatch' instead!'⑳
⑳And then she shouted—'cheers!' Kee hee hee hee hee!⑳
⑳Ack ack ack ack ack! Hyah hyah hyah hyah!⑳
⑳Huh. I don't get it.⑳
I came across the hatter and rabbit having a tea party during a stroll through the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom.
They would always drink tea in whatever open spaces they could find in the thicket of giant mushrooms.
The pair held their elegant tea parties on a large table covered by a tablecloth.
I would join in on them if I ever happened across one.
⑳Whoever said working is for chumps was a genius!⑳
⑳Working is nothing more than slave labor! You trade all your freedom and dignity for little slips of green paper! Kee hee hee!⑳
⑳Working is for chumps! Working is for chumps! Hyah hyah hyah!⑳
⑳But you kinda have to work to eat.⑳
⑳I wish I were in a position to have tea parties every day like you guys.⑳
⑳Only commoners have to work to eat!⑳
⑳Say hey, say ho! No one starves if they're a noble, though! Modern Japan still has plenty, you know? Kee hee hee hee hee!⑳
⑳Boy, that sounds nice. How do you become a noble?⑳
⑳Shut yourself in your room and surf the internet all day! It's easy as pie! Hyah hyah hyah hyah!⑳
⑳But that's only for as long as you have parents to mooch off of, right?⑳
⑳What're you supposed to do once they're no longer around to feed you?⑳
⑳If my parents die, then I'll die, too! Hyah hyah!⑳
⑳Before I die, I'll sell all my parents' stuff, put it all in gambling or stock trading, and hang myself if things go south!⑳
⑳Kee hee hee hee! Oh man, you're a riot!⑳
⑳I wish I could have tea parties all the time without working like you, Hatter!⑳
⑳You got some kinda magical passport that gives you money for free?⑳
⑳Kee hee hee! Not on your life! They'd never give it to a Japanese native!⑳
⑳It's only non-Japanese people who get them! Us real Japanese have it the hardest outta anyone in Japan! Kee hee hee!⑳
⑳Japan belongs to us Japanese! But people think it's okay to shit on us! If you try to fight back about it, you get canceled!⑳