⑳Kee hee hee hee hee hee!⑳
The hatter knew a lot of complicated stuff, but sometimes I didn't understand a word he was saying.
What I did know was, he was of an enviable social status, which permitted him to have tea parties every day.
Unfortunately, my Arkanae Minobe Kingdom was totally broke.
We were basically in permanent bankruptcy. I had to play along with that disgusting Ssech King in order to rebuild it.
⑳Though I guess he is pretty generous. Plus, he sucks at ssech.⑳
⑳You get money for winning ssech?⑳
⑳Yep. He says he has fun playing with me.⑳
⑳Well duh! I'd pay money to play against such a cute princess!⑳
⑳All female high school students are princesses! They're precious just for existing!⑳
⑳Compared to them, we men are just useless poop factories.⑳
⑳That's not true. Girls only get pampered when they're young.⑳
⑳If you don't snag what you can get in your prime, guys checkmate you at every other turn.⑳
⑳Who cares as long as you can get pampered?⑳
⑳Seriously, being born a guy is like living on hard mode. Your whole life's a punishment unless you're an alpha male.⑳
⑳C'mon, that's not true. Nobles who can hold tea parties every day without working are on extra easy mode.⑳
⑳Ack ack ack! That's right! We're modern day nobles!⑳
⑳Every day's a tea party! Glory to do-nothing days! Kee hee hee hee!⑳
I supposed one couldn't help turning into an idiot when all they did was have tea parties all day.
However, I envied them.
It wasn't like I wanted to be rich.
I just wanted the stability and peace to be able to have ordinary tea parties every day, like them.
If possible, I also wanted to be a noble free from the burden of work.
But the hatter wouldn't tell me how to become one.
And the rabbit could only be a shut-in because he had parents who would feed him.
The Arkanae Minobe Kingdom didn't have it so lucky.
Seriously, what would that guy do when his parents died? Was he really planning to kill himself?
I couldn't do that. I could never kick back and relax knowing it would all go to ruin someday.
Well, guess my only choice was to save up money as best I could.
⑳Hey, Hatter. Quit keeping me in suspense.⑳
⑳Just tell me how you can keep eating without working or having a magic passport.⑳
⑳Kee hee hee hee! I can't tell you! It's a noble's secret!⑳
⑳Did your parents die and leave you with infinite inheritance?⑳
⑳My mom isn't dead! She's bedridden!⑳
⑳I watch over her and take care of her every day! I'm such a good son!⑳
⑳Wow, you're so amazing, Hatter! You're far nobler than a leech like me!⑳
⑳Kee hee hee! That's right, that's right! Lap at my boots like the commoners you are!⑳
⑳Would you like some more tea, Princess Elice?⑳
⑳No thanks. I'm gonna go take a leak.⑳
Lemme guess: You were wondering if there's really a bathroom in a magical kingdom's mushroom forest.
Well, the answer is yes. See? There's a door in that huge mushroom there.
The door says ⑳Bathroom⑳ on it. Right?
Okay then, gotta take care of my business...
...
⑳Whew, that felt good.⑳
Boy, was this refreshing. Nothing like the great outdoors to make you feel alive.
All right, time to go back to that crazy tea party.
Truth be told, I was getting sick of their conversation. Besides, they would just make me drink more of that tea.
I decided to take a little walk first before returning and say I'd waged war in that bathroom.
⑳*sigh* The world sure is a boring place.⑳
⑳But that's fine. I can take it.⑳
⑳It's not like I care about living happily ever after or whatever.⑳
⑳All I want is a life that's normal, boring, and peaceful every day.⑳
Wait...
That meant I really was a perfect fit for the Mad Hatter and March Hare's tea party.
Why was it the crazy types always took to me?
Was it because I was a good listener? Or did I have this scent that drew them to me?
⑳All right, time to head back.⑳
I turned around to go back to the party when suddenly, I noticed a mushroom with a sliding door.
Huh? Was there always a mushroom house there?
I was in Wonderland, after all. All it took was a little curiosity for a new adventure to begin.
Still, it was funny to see something as Japanese as a sliding door here.
Upon closer inspection, I noticed something that further piqued my interest.
The edges of the door were duct taped.
Normally, you couldn't lock Japanese sliding doors. Yet here was a clear declaration they didn't want anyone going inside.
⑳I smell a treasure!⑳
⑳I'll rip this off like so...⑳
It was just like cheap packing tape from a 100-yen shop.
It had totally lost its adhesivity, making it a cinch to tear off.
With that, there was nothing in my way. The treasure was mine!
⑳Urgh, it reeks!⑳
A stale stench leaked out the moment I opened the door.
What's more, the floor of the small room was invisible under a thick layer of garbage bags—supermarket bags, to be exact—bursting with trash.
⑳This isn't a mountain of treasure! It's a pile of trash!⑳
⑳But you can't trick me. This is obviously camouflage.⑳
I stepped forward, undaunted by the pile of trash.
My instincts were screaming to me there was treasure hidden in this garbage.
Only one way to find out what it was!
⑳This must be that hatter's treasure!⑳
⑳The secret to how he can have tea parties every day without a magic passport or inheritance has gotta be here!⑳
And so I tossed them all aside!
Inside the garbage bags were empty cans of potato chips and snacks, as well as empty convenience store lunch boxes.
The stench was caused by sauces and such that had stuck to the lunch boxes.
⑳*cough* *cough* This won't kill my vibe!⑳
I threw out the garbage bags one after another until I could finally see the floor.
Oh? Well, well. A futon?
Why would the hatter use a bedroom with a futon all laid out as a garbage dump?
No, hold on. The futon had to be more camouflage. The secret of the treasure had to be inside.
I would finally learn the source of his noble wealth!
I pulled back the covers... and found a corpse wearing pajamas.
Just then, I heard the hatter yelling from the ⑳front door.⑳
⑳I said it's fine already! She's bedridden! She can't get up at all!⑳
⑳Would you let us in so we can talk to her?⑳
⑳I can't let you wake her up! She's sleeping!⑳
⑳But won't you at least let us see her face?⑳
⑳I can't do that! My mother's highly sensitive, so that's out of the question!⑳
⑳Your mother really is home... isn't she?⑳
⑳Yes! That's what I've been telling you all this time!⑳
⑳Well, you see, we've received a missing persons report from one of your relatives.⑳
⑳They say they haven't been able to get in touch with her since last year.⑳
⑳It was that damn old hag, wasn't it?! How many times do I have to tell her she's just sleeping?!⑳
⑳They say they've asked you to call them when she's awake, yet haven't been able to speak to her once for a whole year.⑳
⑳Like I said, she can't even get out of bed by herself! She's too sick to talk on the phone!⑳
⑳If your mother is that sick, you must have brought her to a hospital, right? Which one?⑳
⑳M-My mom hates hospitals... But that doesn't matter!⑳
⑳Some time ago, there was a series of scandals involving pension fraud.⑳
⑳Unemployed children completely dependent on their parents' pensions wouldn't report their deaths because they were afraid of losing that money.⑳
⑳You seriously think I'd do something like that? Well, you're wrong! How dare you even suggest it! Get outta here!⑳
⑳Come on, please, at least let us see her.⑳
⑳Shut up! I told you to leave! Get out!⑳
⑳W-We'll come back tomorrow, then. All we want is to see her face...⑳
⑳Get out, get out, get out!⑳
(Haah, haah, haah! Don't screw with me! Don't screw with me!)
(I'm a noble! I don't want to work ever!)
(There's no way I can go to the employment service center! I ain't the dregs of society! What am I supposed to do, work in IT?!)
(What am I gonna do?! They said they're coming back tomorrow!)
(Even a cop was here! If they have a warrant, I'll have no choice but to let them in!)
(Crap, crap! What do I do?! What am I gonna do with Mom's body?!)
(That cop's on to me! He's gotta be staking the place out right now!)
(What do I do with the body?! I can't hide it!)
(C-Can I cut it up and flush it down the toilet?! No! I don't wanna touch Mom's body!)
(What if I went on a walk and never came back? No, they're watching the place, so they'll spot me right away!)
(And even if I did hide the body, the cops'd find evidence for sure if they searched the place!)
(What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?!)
(I finally found some peace and quiet after being bullied all my life!)
(But now my noble lifestyle's gonna go down the drain!)
(Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!)
⑳...Did you see that room?⑳
⑳Eek!⑳
⑳That was wrong of you, Princess Elice...⑳
⑳That room... is the secret... to my noble lifestyle.⑳
⑳No... I didn't—I didn't see anything.⑳
⑳You liar. You saw it, didn't you?⑳
The hatter's face swelled as tumors emerged like goosebumps.
Before long, the skin on his face bulged and rolled right off in chunks.
It wasn't just his face. The same thing was happening to his hands—and likely the rest of him, as well.
⑳There's nothing more I can do...⑳
⑳I... I think I knew.⑳
⑳Because... you smell like kerosene.⑳
More and more of his skin peeled off like flakes with each second.
His rotten flesh then became seared, exuding a foul stench like burning hair...
I already understood what had happened.
Once he knew he was cornered, he had tried to burn everything down that night.
He must have been planning to cover his tracks with the fire, at first.
But when he tried carefully pouring kerosene over his mother's corpse... he saw her skeleton for the first time in so long.
And when he did... he was like a man possessed.
Before he knew it, he was covered from head to toe in kerosene.
And then... he flicked the lighter.
Swallowed by flames, he rolled on the ground in agony as all his skin burned away.
The hatter wrapped his arms around me.
My body was immediately engulfed by the hellfire.
My hair was reduced to cinders in the blink of an eye, and my whole body was wrapped in searing pain.
All my skin burst open before it could burn away and started rolling off in clumps.
(It burns, it burns! It hurts! Aghhhh! Gaaaghhhhhhhh, aghhh... aahhh...!)
...
...
⑳...⑳
⑳Mmm... Oww...⑳
It seemed I'd fallen asleep in a weird position on the sofa, having grown bored of watching TV. My joints hurt.
On top of that, I'd been having yet another horrible nightmare...
⑳Ugh... I feel dizzy...⑳
The haze in my head refused to clear up. My eyes were spinning. My stomach churned.
Whatever daydream I'd had this time must have been really messed up.
It was 7 PM. My stomach was empty, but I wasn't hungry.
Still, though, I had to eat.
It didn't look like Mom would come home today, either...
Oh well. I'd just save my money on the half-priced side dishes at the supermarket.
I'd never had to keep receipts or give back change.
All the money came from my allowance, so the more I could save, the better.
I reached out for the mushroom—no, table—my wallet was sitting on.
⑳Aahh... I'm mixing up reality with daydreams...⑳
⑳I don't know why, but it's really bad today...⑳
I wasn't hungry, so I thought I'd maybe just go to bed.
There was a soft mushroom lying there. It'd make a perfect bed...
Just then, I heard the front door unlocking.
It was followed by a buzz and the flapping of wings. The queen bee—no, Mom was home.
Great... My mind was still a total haze...
Mushrooms were sprouting all over the place.
The tables, sofas, and TV all turned into springy mushrooms.
I could hear Mom talking. It seemed she wasn't alone.
My brain really was on the fritz if I was seeing her as the queen bee.
⑳You're absolutely right... You really do speak the truth, Mr. Tanaka.⑳
⑳There's nothing more sacred than familial love.⑳
⑳You're absolutely right. Why did it take me so long to realize the supremacy of familial love?!⑳
⑳...Welcome back.⑳
⑳Oh, Kanae! I'm so sorry I didn't come back yesterday!⑳
⑳I'll be making dinner tonight, so I hope you're hungry!⑳
⑳You don't have to. I was planning to go out and buy something just now.⑳
⑳Oh, but listen! Tonight's dinner will be a masterpiece. Have you ever heard of cheese fondue?⑳
⑳Cheese fondue is just like hot pot—the whole family gathers around and eats it. A dish brimming with familial love.⑳
⑳You don't say. *sigh* Sounds great.⑳
Oh well. Homecooked meals are the best money savers. Plus, keeping Mr. Tanaka in good spirits was also important.
He was really generous when he was in a good mood.
All I had to do was put up with how much he resembled a monstrous caterpillar.
...The fog just wouldn't go away.
Apparently, Mom was up all night chatting with Mr. Tanaka's family.
I was surprised she hadn't gotten tired of it. But as long as she was enjoying herself and it made her happy, I wasn't going to complain.
Even now she was cooking while basking in Mr. Tanaka's lofty ideals.
I wrapped my arms around my knees and killed time staring at the TV.
⑳Look! This is cheese is from a specialty shop! I just know you'll be shocked at how good it is!⑳
⑳Mr. Tanaka knows so many fancy stores!⑳
⑳We found this one place I just know you'll adore, so let's all go together with Mr. Tanaka's family next time!⑳
⑳Sure.⑳
⑳How hungry are you, Kanae? Is this enough?⑳
⑳I don't have much of an appetite, so I don't need that much.⑳
⑳It should be turning out pretty good right about now! Let's have a look!⑳
Mr. Tanaka grinned triumphantly as he checked the heat level of the portable stove they'd bought just for this.
...He must have thought it was his winning smile, but it didn't hit the strike zone.
Mr. Tanaka stuck his fork into the French bread they'd cut into cubes and dipped it in the pot of cheese.
In my dazed mind, it looked as if he were sticking a gecko or something into a mysterious magical cauldron.
Mr. Tanaka then brought it to his mouth and bit a chunk of it off.
⑳Mmmmmmmmmm, so good!⑳
⑳Come on, you should have some too, Kanae!⑳
He abruptly held out the half-eaten piece of bread to me.
Gooey strings of cheese hung from it. To me, it looked like his saliva, disgusting me thoroughly.
But I was a tactician, so I put on my million-dollar smile and ate it anyway.
After all, he'd give me lots of allowance if I kept him in a good mood.
I killed my taste buds so I wouldn't have to taste his spit, but it made me feel like I was eating a lump of clay.
Let me explain my family's circumstances to all you rabbits who aren't in the know.
First of all, my father left to subjugate a witch from the north and never came back.
The queen bee was furious at the king for abandoning national politics and going on a journey.
Undaunted, she found herself her own lover, too.
The Ssech King—no, Mr. Tanaka was apparently the president of a smartphone app developer.
He was quite prosperous, and ever since the queen bee brought him into our home, she had started getting frivolous with her money.
Apparently, she had been cheating on my father with him even before they separated.
But if you asked the queen bee, she'd say he healed the heart left scarred by the king who didn't consider national politics, and therefore was dear to her.
I didn't know which had come first: My father's subjugation of the northern witch, or my mother's adultery.
Whatever the case, the king of the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom had vanished, and the queen bee had brought the Ssech King in. That was how it was.
I had no real attachment to this home.
It was merely the only place I could stay out of the elements for free.
As Princess Elice, I wanted to leave on a journey as soon as I could.
But that required money. So I had to prepare as much as I could.
Truth be told, I wanted to get a part-time job, but my mom wouldn't allow me.
There was this time where I tried getting one in secret, but it backfired.
My mom would call for me on really abrupt whims, asking if I'd go see a movie or shop with her.
She'd throw a fit if I turned her down. I was probably the only friend she had—or at least the only one she could freely subject to her caprices.
Because of that, I couldn't meet my shifts, and had no choice but to quit.
Thus, the food money Mom would leave me randomly and Mr. Tanaka's allowance were the only valuable sources of income I had.
I had my adventurer's bag packed so I could go on a journey whenever.
Inside was the minimum I needed to sleep out and all the travel expenses I'd saved up to this point.
That bag was hidden in the door containing the water and electricity meters outside the house.
So I could leave home whenever.
And once I did, I never wanted to come back again.
I had tens of thousands of yen saved up, so I could last a decent while if I drifted between manga cafés and friends' houses.
...But only for as long as a child's allowance could last.
It wouldn't be long until I could graduate. Then I wouldn't be a child anymore.
I needed more and more money so I could work and find a place to live.
Thus why my Arkanae Minobe Kingdom never had enough money.
That was why Princess Elice's quest for gold was still ongoing...
⑳Mmm, eating a meal together like this really does make us feel like one big happy family!⑳
⑳I couldn't have said it better myself. It's truly wonderful!⑳
⑳Don't you agree, Kanae? It feels so cozy, doesn't it?!⑳
⑳...Yeah, I guess. Ha ha ha.⑳
Mom and Mr. Tanaka were trying to stress how well the three of us got along.
I took the hint and pretended to agree...
...but in reality, the whole thing made me sick.
However, I couldn't let them catch on.
So I faked a smile and made a show of enjoying the dry-cured ham and whatnot we were having.
Oh boy... not again. My brain really had it out for me today.
The house was filled with mushrooms once more...
The queen bee went to the river to wash the tableware after dinner.
I sat on the sofa to watch TV, only for the Ssech King to lumber over and sit right next to me.
⑳Ehee hee hee. Family get-togethersh are sho fun.⑳
⑳Glad to hear it.⑳
⑳Oh, it'sh that show about thoshe copsh together for 24 hoursh. I wish we could be together 24 hoursh, too!⑳
I'd be damned if I was about to sit shoulder-to-shoulder watching TV with this creep.
So I decided that I'd be the one to make the suggestion today.
⑳Hey, Your Majesty, let's have another ssech match.⑳
⑳Oh? That'sh jusht what I wanted to hear!⑳
⑳I'm tired of loshing, sho I've been shtudying up! I'll win today!⑳
This guy really was all talk. He fell for the same tricks no matter how much he lost.
I may not look it, but in my golden years, I was obsessed with chess.
I'd read all the chess manuals and was a master of basic strategy, so I'd never lose to some amateur whose knowledge amounted only to knowing how knights moved.
I'm not kidding. He really did think he knew how to play chess just because he understood how the pieces worked.
He didn't even know about castling or en passant until I taught him.
That was why I was on a winning streak.
And so for some reason or another, he treated me like his rival and kept stubbornly challenging me over and over again.
What's that? You're saying this was ssech, not chess?
Oh well. Who cares? They're basically the same thing.
⑳I won't loshe today! Heh heh heh!⑳
⑳If you think you can beat ssech grandmaster Princess Elice, then bring it on!⑳
⑳I'll bet thish much on today'sh match! Ta-da!⑳
When the Ssech King clapped, a giant treasure chest appeared out of thin air and shook the ground with a thud.
It was filled to the brim with gold coins and gems. I was grateful. This would ease the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom's financial woes.
He truly was a modern noble who could feed himself off unearned income. And he was always so generous.
⑳Oh my, another ssech match?⑳
⑳You've really come around to the Ssech King, Princess Elice.⑳
The queen bee was brewing sickeningly sweet honey tea.
She poured it into three mugs of red, yellow, and green (yeah, seriously. Like a stop light). On the surface, it was like the three of us really were family.
Like we were just having some good old fun after dinner.
Alrighty then. I'd take this guy to the cleaners.
⑳Princess Elice of the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom will take you on!⑳
⑳Oh, Minobe.⑳
⑳Huh? Do we have LCSC today?⑳
⑳Oh hey, if it isn't Suzumun and Natty! Did you come to visit?⑳
⑳Nah, we were just passing by and decided to check in, and there you were.⑳
⑳Are you by yourself?⑳
Kanae was the only one in the clubroom.
⑳Yep. Just me.⑳
⑳The LCSC is open every day. It doesn't matter if we don't have any club activities.⑳
⑳So we're always welcome!⑳
⑳Wow, I didn't know. So, what are you doing?⑳
⑳Mayuhin said we'll be putting on some kind of show for a retirement home next time.⑳
⑳So I was thinking up ideas for what we could do.⑳
⑳Oh, you're welcome to join in. It'd be a big help.⑳
⑳Sorry, but I've got a duel scheduled today!⑳
⑳You sure do love card games, Natty. You must be pretty good.⑳
⑳I compete in tournaments and go to all sorts of events to hone my skills!⑳
⑳He said he'd be taking me to one of those tournaments in the near future.⑳
⑳Let's seek the path of a great duelist together! We'll dominate them and win first and second place!⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha, good luck. I'll be rooting for you.⑳
⑳Then I'll be off! I don't wanna keep the kids waiting! Later!⑳
Natsuya said his goodbyes and ran off in a hurry.
⑳...Huh?⑳
⑳You're not going with him?⑳
⑳You said you wanted someone to help you come up with ideas, didn't you?⑳
⑳Aren't you aiming to be a great duelist?⑳
⑳I'd really like to help you, Minobe.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You're such a nice guy, Suzumun.⑳
⑳There are six of us in the LCSC, right? I wonder what we can do.⑳
⑳How about a play?⑳
⑳Yep, figured I'd be hearing that old chestnut.⑳
⑳Thing is, I dunno if Kurokki will be coming, so it'll have to be something we can pull off with either five or six.⑳
⑳Kurokami can play a tree, then.⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha! That's hilarious. Any other ideas?⑳
...That's right. Minobe goes to the clubroom every day, whether we have club activities or not.
I tried asking her about it, since it didn't exactly seem like it was out of passion for the club, but she dodged the question.
⑳I overheard some of the other teachers talk about it.⑳
⑳You see, it seems she has... a somewhat complicated home life.⑳
⑳What do you mean?⑳
⑳According to the teacher who handled her parent-teacher conference... her father eloped with his mistress, never to be heard from again.⑳
⑳So Minobe and her mother live by themselves?⑳
⑳...Not exactly.⑳
⑳Apparently, her mother brought home her own lover shortly after her husband left.⑳
⑳Neither of them sound particularly good. If the rumors are true, then my heart goes out to Minobe.⑳
⑳...⑳
The heartbroken mother probably needed him, even if he was a fraud.
But in Kanae's eyes, a total stranger was literally making himself at home right where she lived.
Even Suzumu, who'd been raised lovingly by his parents, could imagine just how painful that was.
⑳So she goes to the clubroom every day... because she doesn't want to go home.⑳
⑳Most likely.⑳
⑳She's always talking about how she wants to find a job and live on her own as soon as she graduates high school.⑳
⑳She's also mentioned she's saving up money so she can move out at any time.⑳
⑳I also once heard her tell Tsubakiko this:⑳
⑳I could live at manga cafés for several months if I used all my money.⑳
⑳That way, I could leave home before I even graduated.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Minobe...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳She has it so rough...⑳
⑳...and yet she's always acting so cheerful...⑳
⑳It's commendable, for sure.⑳
⑳But I think she's just trying to put on a tough act...⑳
⑳I don't know if it's because she truly has that kind of strength...⑳
⑳...or if it's just in her nature to hide the pain, sad as it is.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳These old-timers don't get to see young'uns like us often, so I think they'd like something that brings attention to our youth.⑳
⑳I saw this thing on the news where they put on a wrestling match at a retirement home. It was a hit, apparently.⑳
⑳Aha ha ha, that sounds fun.⑳
⑳If we can't come up with something, I seriously think we should pitch the idea to Mayuhin.⑳
⑳Y-You mean you want Natsu and me going up against each other?⑳
⑳Psh, you think we're gonna settle for something that basic? We'd need nothing short of an electrified barbed wire cage death match!⑳
⑳M-Maybe Natsu and I could just have a card game duel in the center of the ring instead?⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha, relax, I'm just yanking your chain. No, if we do have a wrestling match, it'll have to be a battle royale!⑳
⑳Lilian, Kiki, and I would join in, too! It'd be the ultimate melee brawl!⑳
⑳That sounds fun, but are you being serious?⑳
⑳Dead serious. I got a feeling it'd be a blast.⑳
⑳I think we should keep that one on the drawing board and come up with some more ideas to be safe.⑳
⑳Y'think so? Mayuhin would be all gung-ho for it, if you ask me.⑳
⑳Oh wait, it'd be pretty bad if we accidentally threw a folding chair out of the ring and hit one of them old-timers...⑳
I couldn't tell just how serious she was.
Minobe really was just killing time here because she didn't want to go home.
That's why she was having so much fun, even with silly things like this.
⑳By the way, you live away from your parents, right?⑳
⑳Yes. Kiko's family is taking care of me while I'm here.⑳
⑳Yeah, Kiki told me. What's the story behind that?⑳
⑳They say living on your own helps cultivate a spirit of self-reliance, right?⑳
⑳That was what my parents told me ever since I was little, so I looked forward to living on my own as soon as possible.⑳
⑳I'll bet. It must be really awesome to live by yourself, huh?!⑳
⑳I wanna live on my own ASAP. I'm gonna do it 'soon as I graduate. I seriously can't wait.⑳
⑳That's the lifestyle for you, huh?⑳
⑳Darn right. You're like a chick being protected by an eggshell when you live with your parents.⑳
⑳And it's so cramped in there. You can't do what you want or spread your wings or anything.⑳
⑳So I don't think you can say you're truly alive when you're still living with your parents.⑳
⑳But it won't be much longer for me. I'm breaking outta my shell right now.⑳
⑳I've been storing everything I've got so I can fly away the moment I hatch.⑳
Her eyes gleamed with hope for the future.
But because I knew about her home situation...
...I was well aware just how strong she must have been to say these things.
⑳Once I'm born, I can spread my pure wings as far as possible.⑳
⑳And then I'll fly away all on my own. I can't imagine just how big and beautiful the world must be...⑳
⑳Aha ha ha, wow, that turned into a poem right there. Sorry for getting all mushy.⑳
⑳I didn't think it was mushy at all. In fact, I thought it was really admirable.⑳
⑳I'll always be cheering you on.⑳
⑳So please, feel free to come to me if you ever need anything.⑳
⑳Thanks. You really are a nice guy, Suzumun.⑳
⑳If they sold you in an appliance store, you'd be an all-in-one machine for sure.⑳
⑳Will you be coming to the clubroom tomorrow, too?⑳
⑳I'm the greatest club president there ever was, so yeah. I'm here every day.⑳
⑳Then I'll come every day to help you out.⑳
⑳That'd be a huge help, but I thought you had training or something?⑳
⑳I can train after it's dark, so that won't be a problem.⑳
⑳I'd love to see you training in the evening breeze someday.⑳
⑳It's not all that interesting, but you're welcome to come watch whenever.⑳
⑳Then I swear I'll be there for sure next time. It's a promise.⑳
⑳The Prince of Moonsoot really is such a dreamboat...⑳
I stretched my legs out on the bouncy mushroom and looked up at the clouds in the blue sky.
Oh, ⑳the Prince of Moonsoot⑳ means Suzumun. It's embarrassing, so don't you dare make me say it twice.
⑳Moon⑳ came from the ⑳mun⑳ in ⑳Suzumun,⑳ while ⑳soot⑳ was the English word for ⑳susu.⑳
Hence the Prince of Moonsoot.
⑳I'll be able to leave this kingdom soon.⑳
⑳And when I do, I want to go to Moonsoot...⑳
I wondered if Kiki would let me rent a spare room in one of her family's apartment complexes for cheap.
If I got a part-time job, I could probably live there on my own.
If possible... I wanted to live near my prince.
⑳I'm not gonna play dumb. I know what's up.⑳
⑳This must be love...⑳
Honestly, I'd never been attracted to a flesh-and-blood man until I turned this age.
I found those pretty boys in manga hot when I was in middle school, but I'd never seriously been in love.
Even so, I knew what this feeling was.
⑳I feel so at peace when I'm with him...⑳
⑳Whenever I spend time with him like I did today...⑳
⑳...I really feel like I belong.⑳
I needed money if I was gonna make that dream come true.
A few tens of thousands of yen were merely a child's allowance.
I needed a way to make about a hundred thousand...
Just then, I heard lumbering footsteps accompanied by an annoying laugh approaching from the mushroom thicket.
⑳Ehee hee hee! I found you, Princessh Elice!⑳
⑳Oh, if it isn't the Ssech King.⑳
⑳The queen bee isn't with you?⑳
⑳She went in for the long courshe at a golden leaf beauty shalon today!⑳
It was one of those places where they smeared you in honey made from golden leaves and then made you into something like hand-rolled sushi.
I didn't have a clue what effects it had on beauty, but it didn't matter as long as it brought her home in a good mood.
⑳Nice weather, ishn't it? Would you care for shome tea? I can brew shome up.⑳
⑳Oh, thank you.⑳
There wasn't any real rhyme or reason to it, but I'd always found the Ssech King flat-out disgusting.
I felt that deep in my gut, so there wasn't a feature on him I could view positively.
For example, while Mom thought he had a funny face, I thought it was gross.
Mom thought he had a sturdy body, but I thought he looked like a whale.
Even so, that didn't overshadow his generosity. Those 10,000-yen bills were incredible...
⑳Long courses live up to their name, don't they?⑳
⑳It'sh the kind celebritiesh go to. I referred her to one of their patronsh and finally got an appointment.⑳
⑳You have connections with people that high up? You're amazing.⑳
⑳Ehee hee hee hee, you're making me blush.⑳
⑳Sho we'll be having dinner together, Princessh Elice. I've already placed the order.⑳
It sounded like he'd ordered pizza. Personally, I wasn't much of a fan.
Not like any dinner I had all alone with this guy would taste good anyway, though.
Those thoughts were racing through my mind, but I would never let it show. I was a master of hiding my emotions, if I said so myself.
Just then, the Ssech King brought over my mug as he spoke in an uncharacteristically down-to-earth tone.
⑳The queen wash shaying that she thought the three of ush were like a happy family...⑳
⑳However, I get the shenshe you feel like she'sh forcing that idea on you.⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
⑳The queen and I are like family. That thought bringsh comfort to ush.⑳
⑳But I don't know if we should be impresshing that on you, too.⑳
I was a bit surprised. This was the first time I'd ever seen the Ssech King look so serious.
⑳You are your own pershon.⑳
⑳I can't be your family, nor do I plan on trying to be.⑳
⑳Sho I jusht want you to take comfort in that, if nothing elshe.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Here you go. It'sh hot.⑳
⑳Th-Thank you.⑳
⑳I think the queen wantsh you to call me Dad...⑳
⑳But that'sh for you to decide. Not her.⑳
⑳Beshidesh, I don't think of you ash a daughter.⑳
⑳Then what am I to you?⑳
⑳My ssech rival.⑳
For the first time, his forced expression didn't disgust me.
His existence was... solitary, I suppose I should put it.
My mom and dad were their own people.
They were free to love who they wanted and walk whatever path in life they wished. I didn't have the right to say otherwise.
But what I couldn't stand was someone imposing on my space.
He understood that.
He didn't intend to make me call him ⑳Dad.⑳
Just knowing that took a huge weight off my shoulders.
I drank the honey tea he'd brewed up.
It tasted gross because he'd used too much honey... and yet it also warmed my heart a little.
He grinned with pride when he saw that.
...I still couldn't bring myself to like his smile, though.
Afterwards, we chatted over the pizza.
It felt like this was the first time we'd talked like this.
⑳Sho you want to shtart living on your own next year?⑳
⑳I think the queen would be happier that way, too.⑳
⑳Once she's raised me to adulthood, she'll have fulfilled her parental duty to me.⑳
⑳She should be free to live the rest of her life how she pleases.⑳
⑳Then she can live with you in total bliss. It's a win-win for the both of us.⑳
⑳But it'sh hard living on your own. It'sh not cheap.⑳
⑳I know. That's why I've been saving up all the allowance I've earned from you.⑳
⑳It also takes money to make all of those arrangements. I don't wanna be dependent on the queen if I can help it.⑳
⑳Mmm, you really are impresshive, Princessh Elice.⑳
⑳There aren't many kidsh theshe daysh who are sho eager to be independent.⑳
⑳I wish you all the luck in the world.⑳
⑳Thanks.⑳
⑳Mmm...⑳
⑳Ish shomething wrong?⑳
⑳Oh no, it's nothing...⑳
My head had been feeling kind of hazy for a while. Was I getting sick?
I had to snap out of it. I was planning to challenge him to ssech again.
I couldn't miss this chance to make more money...
Afterwards, he wound up challenging me to a game of ssech instead.
I gladly accepted. When I did, he suddenly crossed his arms and went deep into thought.
⑳...Is something wrong?⑳
⑳Mmgh. Jusht thinking.⑳
He kept looking back and forth from my face to the ceiling as though contemplating something. What was it?
Mmm... My head really was heavy...
I didn't feel sick, though. Quite the opposite—I felt really good, like I was floating...
It felt different from the time I got drunk on sweet sake, though. Just what was this strange feeling?
⑳I could ashk you the shame thing, Princessh Elice.⑳
⑳Your eyesh have been drooping for a while now.⑳
⑳Yeah... They feel... heavy...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Looksh like the drug ish working...⑳
⑳Mhaa? Mmm...⑳
Though my body was awake, my mind was practically asleep.
It just didn't feel like anything really mattered.
The Ssech King was grinning... but something about that smile was twisted.
Mhhh... Ahh...
⑳I want to shupport your effortsh to live by yourshelf.⑳
⑳Sho with that in mind, I have a big prize for today'sh match!⑳
The Ssech King clapped his hands, and several treasure boxes appeared and stacked up on top of each other.
It was a lavish mountain of treasure greater than any I'd ever seen.
My sluggish mind partially cleared up.
⑳That's a ton of money you've got there... You really are a do-nothing noble...⑳
⑳I'll be betting a million yen on tonight'sh match to shupport you in your endeavorsh!⑳
⑳Wow... Are you serious? That's a lot of money...⑳
⑳Money wash made to be shpent by the young. Think of it ash a token of my charity.⑳
⑳...Really? I'm so happy... Thank you...⑳
⑳Okay, ready now? Let'sh begin. Ehee hee hee hee hee...⑳
The ssech arena was the liveliest it had ever been.
Not only was there more money on the line than ever before, but the stands were packed like sardines with card soldiers.
⑳This is amazing, Elice! The stakes have never been higher!⑳
⑳Yeah... guess you're right...⑳
⑳Are you okay? Did you not get enough sleep?⑳
⑳...That's not true... I'm wide awake...⑳
Hoo boy. I felt like a butterfly in the tranquil fields of spring...
I felt so good. Like I was floating...
...What was up with me, I wondered. Oh well. Like it mattered...
⑳Okay then, I'll jusht take that piece! Ehee hee hee!⑳
⑳Ahh, he took another one! Get your head in the game, Elice!⑳
⑳It's fine, it's fiiiiine. A few pieces lost are just a handicap to me...⑳
⑳I am Princess Elice the Invincible! I'll never lose to this ugly freak!⑳
He'd taken a lot of my major pieces without breaking a sweat, but I didn't care at all.
After all, I'm undefeatable! Aha ha ha ha ha...
⑳I'm gonna take more and more piecesh now! Ehee hee!⑳
⑳What do we do, Elice?! He's killing our offense and defense!⑳
⑳All good, all goooood. The best part of ssech is, you can just bring out more pieces no matter how many you lose!⑳
⑳That's true, but what body parts will you stake, then?⑳
⑳Y'know what? It doesn't matter. Take whatever you want. I'm gonna win anyway, so who cares?⑳
⑳Then I can add any pieces I ask for?⑳
⑳Be my guesht. You can jusht pay them off later!⑳
⑳C'mon now, chop chop! Bring 'em on! Haaaaaah...⑳
The world was spinning like a merry-go-round. Yaaay.
Mr. Rabbit was also a spinning teacup! The Ssech King looked both slim and fat! How funny!
⑳You know, I actually ushed to be in a chessh club when I wash in college.⑳
⑳Oh really...? I didn't know that...⑳
⑳I even beat a guy who competed in championshipsh. Ehee hee hee hee...⑳
⑳Wow, that's amazing... Then why do you suck so bad...?⑳
⑳Well, you shee...⑳
⑳...it was all part of my plan to add you to my family! Ehee hee hee!⑳
⑳Now then, it'sh time to finally corner you!⑳
⑳Aaah, we're losing more pieces!⑳
⑳Who cares, who caaaares... All we gotta do is add more. More and more and more and more...⑳
⑳You have to wager more of your body each time! Ehee hee hee!⑳
⑳It's fine, it's fiiiine. After all, I can't lose! Aha ha ha...⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaah, it's all over, they've been taken, aaah!⑳
⑳Check...mate.⑳
⑳Huh...?⑳
⑳Looksh like... I win.⑳
⑳Huh? We're out of pieces? Add more.⑳
⑳There's nothing left! They've all been taken!⑳
⑳And you wagered up your whole body, sho you have nothing left to shtake!⑳
⑳Huh? Whaaaat...?⑳
⑳Ha ha ha... Well, I suppose a loss once in a while isn't so bad. Aha ha ha...⑳
⑳Yesh, it'sh not sho bad at all, ish it?⑳
I lost...
But I'm always winning anyway, so I guess a loss every now and then is okay...
⑳Surprised? I'm pretty good, aren't I?⑳
⑳Yeah... You're good... You surprised me...⑳
⑳Then that means I win this time, doesn't it?⑳
⑳Yep... Oh well... Ha ha ha...⑳
We laughed together.
Suddenly, Mr. Tanaka stopped and smiled faintly.
⑳By the way, Kanae?⑳
⑳I won, as you know.⑳
⑳Yeah... You did...⑳
⑳Which means I also won the bet, right?⑳
⑳Huh...? What bet...?⑳
⑳Did you forget? I always bet money.⑳
⑳And I give it to you whenever you win.⑳
⑳Yeah. Thanks for that...⑳
⑳But I won today.⑳
⑳Which means you have to pay up, don't you?⑳
⑳Huh? Oh... I see...⑳
He was right... I lost the bet... so I had to pay this time.
So how much did we bet again? I really didn't want to lose the money I'd worked so hard to save up...
⑳We had a million yen on the line this time. Think you can pay?⑳
⑳You've earned a lot so far, so maybe you just might make it?⑳
⑳Uh... Um...⑳
I didn't remember saving as much as a million yen.
I think 200,000 was the most I ever had...
Wait... Didn't that mean I was totally broke...?
⑳...Then... my war funds for living alone... are all gone...⑳
⑳I see. That's too bad.⑳
⑳And here I wanted to make your dream come true...⑳
⑳...What do I do...?⑳
⑳I know. How about this?⑳
⑳If you help me out with my work, I'll give you that million yen as a present, to repay you.⑳
⑳Wait, really...?⑳
⑳What did you do for a living again...?⑳
My head was spinning once more.
I felt like a jellyfish floating in a warm sea...
⑳You don't remember? I run a company that makes smartphone apps.⑳
⑳We're working on an upcoming dating sim game right now. And we want to add some realism to it, see?⑳
⑳I don't really get it... but I just have to help you with that...?⑳
I still didn't understand why I'd been feeling so floaty...
But it felt good, so I didn't care.
After being told to change into my school uniform, I got in the passenger's seat of Mr. Tanaka's car.
He said he needed a model of a modern female high school student for the dating sim game.
So he wanted to take several shots of me in this outfit tonight so he could present them right away at tomorrow's meeting.
The house didn't make for a good background, so he said he'd be taking me to a place where he could get some good shots.
Well, my place was a total pigsty, so it wasn't unreasonable.
...Mmm, I must have been getting sleepy. My mind felt like it was drifting away.
Maybe I should take a nap until we got there...
⑳You know, you're the one I've been after all this time...⑳
⑳Oh, but don't get me wrong. I like your mom too, of course. I like both of you.⑳
⑳Uh-huh...⑳
⑳Still, though, I never thought it would be this effective.⑳
⑳You must not have much of a resistance to drugs.⑳
⑳Uh-huh...⑳
Drugs? What was he talking about?
Oh well. Who cares? This was a chance to make a lot of money.
Mr. Tanaka sure is a good person, I thought. I was glad I got to know him...
Aaah... ugh...
This feeling...
There were mushrooms... springing up everywhere again.
They grew all over Mr. Tanaka's car.
Spores of every color scattered when you poked them, creating little rainbows in the air.
When they cleared, I found that the Ssech King and I were riding a giant caterpillar.
⑳And we've arrived!⑳
⑳...Where are we...?⑳
⑳Aha... There's a giant mushroom bed!⑳
⑳It's so soft! Aha ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
This was the first time I'd seen a mushroom bed as big, bouncy, and oddly shaped as this one.
As I played on the bed, the Ssech King set up a device most unsuitable for this fairytale world.
It was a digital camera fixed on a tripod.
Oh, right. I was here to help the king with his work, of course...
⑳What I'm after ish realishm from a high school girl.⑳
⑳Sho I want to record a video ash reference for their motionsh. Ehee hee hee...⑳
I had no clue what he was saying...
All of a sudden, the sun went dark and was replaced by the moon in the blink of an eye. The world had turned to night.
A wondrous aurora hung in the sky. It was so pretty... I'd never seen anything like it before...
⑳You jusht can't shet the mood without lighting thish dim.⑳
⑳Don't worry, it'sh an advanced camera, sho the image quality will shtill be perfect even in the dark!⑳
⑳I just have to play your model, right...?⑳
⑳I wanna bounce on this mushroom forever...⑳
⑳That'sh fine, bounce all you want.⑳
The Ssech King approached the mushroom I was lying on and looked down on me with a smirk.
Just then, he raised his thumbs...
...and thrust them into his lower half.
A filthy secretion of blood and grease splattered all over the white mushroom.
He wasn't trying to push his stomach in. He'd stuck his fingers in deep enough to pierce the blubber and meat that lay under his skin.
And then... he tore the skin off his lower half.
Before me was none other than the figure of a giant, eerie, lurid caterpillar.
⑳Huh? You don't have to be sho shurprished.⑳
⑳Thish ishn't your firsht time sheeing one, right? Didn't you ever take a bath with your father?⑳
⑳Ahhhh...⑳
My mind had been engulfed in dense fog.
However, at that moment, I finally awakened from that floaty feeling.
But I couldn't think straight. My thoughts were frozen.
(Wh-Where am I...?)
When I came to, I was in a revolting place I'd never seen before.
(H-Huh?! What is this place?)
(Wh-Why am I here? Wh-What's Mr. Tanaka do—huh? Huh?)
I sprung from the bed, but Mr. Tanaka swiftly pushed me down with a strength you wouldn't expect from his unhealthy physique.
That sickening blob was straddling me...
My mind was still dazed, and thus my body refused to respond properly.
(Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, they're growing!)
(Mushrooms are growing everywhere!)
⑳Come now, Princessh Elice, you're not a child anymore.⑳
⑳Letsh have shome grownup fun!⑳
⑳No, no, no!⑳
⑳You don't want to be with the queen anymore, right?! You want to live on your own, don't you?!⑳
⑳But you need money for that, right?! Well, I've got all the money you could ever need!⑳
⑳Be my woman, and I'll pay you lotsh and lotsh!⑳
⑳Sho it'sh okay, ishn't it?! Vheh heh heh heh heh!⑳
⑳Mmmm?! Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!⑳
The slimy caterpillar shoved itself into my mouth.
Its countless legs rustled and tickled my tongue, sending shivers down my spine.
I felt disgusted, like the caterpillar was reaching all the way into my brain.
It stuck its head down my throat, aimed directly for my stomach, and spewed out a warm, gooey secretion.
The sensation of that repulsive heat trailing down my esophagus made me realize my very innards had been defiled.
...But this was only the beginning.
The caterpillar's beastly humiliation was about to get much, much worse.
⑳Ish that enough? It'sh okay, ishn't it? Ishn't it?⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaah...⑳
A long and sharp ovipositor stretched out of the Ssech King's lower half.
⑳Wh-What is that?! Stop, stop! No, no, no, no!⑳
⑳You want money, don't you?! Don't you?!⑳
⑳No, no, no—agh—aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳Noooooooooooooooooooooooooo! Aaah... aaaah...⑳
My mind suddenly burst like a popped balloon.
When I came to... I was telling myself I was a stringless puppet.
I was a puppet. A puppet.
The caterpillar monster was just playing with a puppet that looked like me. That was all...
He was playing all on his own, so it had nothing do with me.
So please... End it quickly...
Please... Put an end to this torment.
I felt warm drops trailing down my cheeks from my eyes.
Confused, afraid, and devoid of presence of mind... I lost the very will to fight back.
A single face flashed through the puppet's mind.
(...Prince of Moonsoot...)
(No...)
(Suzumun...)
(Save me...)
Stab.
Stab. Stab...
It was still going on...
Stab, stab, stab...
That sticky sound like strings being pulled just wouldn't end.
Suddenly, the splashing hastened, and the giant caterpillar trembled.
When his whole body started shaking after he thrust the ovipositor as deep as he could, that was a sign he was about to lay eggs.
He was going to lay those disgusting eggs in me... again.
The caterpillar quaked, and then there was a splash.
He'd gone after my backside this time.
My skin swelled with a new bump brimming with eggs.
They were all over me by this point...
I was so hideous I didn't even want to look at myself.
I'd been defiled...
...The Ssech King turned his back to me, picked up his discarded leg skin, and put it back on with a practiced motion.
⑳Thank you, Princessh Elice. That felt sho good!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Will you be my shecret misshtressh now?⑳
⑳If you do, I'll give you allowance every month, and even get an apartment for you.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Feel free to give me your anshwer whenever! I'm looking forward to good newsh!⑳
⑳Oh, but don't worry. I'll keep the footage my own little shecret, okay? Ehee hee hee!⑳
The Ssech King reviewed the footage with a look of satisfaction.
The faint sound of the replay forced me to relive all the pain of my disgrace anew...
It was raining quietly outside once we left.
We didn't have umbrellas.
But we walked out of the eaves and exposed ourselves to the drizzle.
⑳You'll catch a cold. Come over here.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Girls' shoulders shouldn't get wet.⑳
Mr. Tanaka intimately wrapped his arm around my shoulders.
Once, I would have found that sort of thing repulsive.
But after all that, it didn't mean a thing anymore...
...
Just then, someone suddenly appeared in the rainy street.
She didn't have an umbrella, either.
⑳...⑳
⑳Mom...⑳
⑳...⑳
Mom looked away from me and glared at Mr. Tanaka.
Though framed by wet bangs... her face was a demonic mask at that moment.
It was a terrifying expression, yet for some reason, I wasn't scared. It was like she understood the pain in my heart.
⑳W-Wait... I can exp—⑳
⑳What the hell is this about?!⑳
⑳Why are you with Kanae?! What were you doing?! What the hell is this about?!⑳
Mom grabbed Mr. Tanaka by the collar and shook him as she yelled in his face.
Mr. Tanaka's face warped with panic, but he suddenly flashed a smile.
⑳Well, uh, you see, Kanae said she needed money really badly.⑳
⑳So, um, well, she was just so desperate, even I couldn't say no...⑳
⑳You seduced him?!⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
Mom grabbed me by the shoulders so hard her nails dug into me.
⑳You hussy! How dare you!⑳
⑳He's my man! How could you do this to me?! I should have known better than to think it was fine since you were still in school!⑳
⑳You really are just like that man! I can't let my guard down ever!⑳
Mom shook me until I tripped and fell face-up on the asphalt below.
...I had no idea what was happening.
I just blankly stared up at the cloud sky...
...paying no heed to the raindrops sprinkling my face.
Mom assertively dragged Mr. Tanaka off somewhere.
Eventually, all I could hear was the rain and the distant sounds of traffic...
A rabbit in my head whispered to me.
⑳Elice, it's a little earlier than we thought, but the time to embark on your journey has come...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You're right...⑳
⑳After all... you can't go back to the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom anymore.⑳
Good thing I'd hidden my adventurer's bag outside the house.
⑳Let's go on an adventure, Elice.⑳
⑳Yeah...⑳
⑳Where to?⑳
That was obvious.
To the Moonsoot Kingdom. Starting tomorrow morning.
I plodded down the streets.
My uniform was all I had to wear for the time being, so I didn't want it to get any wetter.
Manga cafés have shower rooms and dryers, so I could just clean it up there.
I looked up to see the townscape had changed slightly.
It was a mix of wet modern buildings and fairytale-esque mushroom houses.
A giant caterpillar clung to a telephone pole, enjoying a long drag on a smoking pipe.
The crossings were a jumble of office workers with umbrellas and card soldiers shielding themselves with taro leaves.
...Man, I really am screwed up in the head, huh.
But that was what made me Elice of Wonderland...
⑳...⑳
⑳Do-nothing days sure are amazing...⑳
...
⑳Glory to do-nothing days...⑳
⑳I'm so, so sorry I'm late, Minobe!⑳
⑳It's cool. You weren't keeping me waiting.⑳
⑳So, what did you want to talk about?⑳
⑳I've been on the edge of my seat just wondering what you'll ask!⑳
I wasn't the type who wore her worries on her sleeve, so her surprise was only to be expected.
Thanks to my perfect acting, no one even suspected I was having troubles at home.
But after all that'd happened, I had no choice but to rely on Kiki.
Honestly, I hadn't been sure how much to tell her.
I didn't want to make things awkward with such a serious topic.
So all I said was I'd gotten into a big fight with my mom and couldn't go home for a while.
⑳What? You got in a fight with your mom? That's so, so unbelievable.⑳
⑳It's true. Things at home are kind of a minefield.⑳
⑳So let's just keep this between you and me...⑳
Kiki was shocked, but soon realized this wasn't something she should stick her nose too deep into.
⑳Can I stay with you for a bit?⑳
⑳It'd be a big help if you have any spare apartments at your place, honestly.⑳
⑳I don't think we have any right now. Hmm...⑳
⑳At this rate, I'm gonna have to live in a manga café or the park!⑳
⑳Um, well, uh...⑳
I managed to get Kiki to agree to let me stay over for at least one night.
We'd talk about what came after that later.
I wasn't naïve enough to assume she'd let me stay forever.
But if she helped me out even a little, I could save more money.
It costs about 2000 yen to stay a night at a manga café. With food expenses included, that meant I needed a few thousand a day.
Of course, there were other living expenses to consider, like clothes and laundry. The more I thought, the more I realized I just didn't have enough money.
I had enough to support myself for just a little while. So if I managed to get a part-time job in between...
If I knew this was how it was gonna be, I would've focused and won that million yen last night.
Tch. That was the price I'd paid...
After club activities ended and we were leaving school...
...I casually turned the conversation to Suzumun.
I was okay with Kiki knowing, but I didn't want Suzumun finding out about my troubles at home.
So I shifted focus to him as naturally as I could.
⑳By the way, you do karate, right, Suzumun?⑳
⑳Huh? Karate?⑳
⑳Uh-huh, he sure does. He puts on his dojo uniform and practices in the backyard every evening.⑳
⑳Wow, that's so cool.⑳
⑳Mmm, it's not karate, though.⑳
⑳It all looks the same to girls.⑳
⑳Uh... Hey, can I ask you something?⑳
I walked ahead of Suzumun, then turned around and spoke.
⑳I'd... like to see Suzumun showing off... too.⑳
We watched Suzumun train in Kiki's backyard.
It was so cool.
I realized once more how I felt about him.
However...
...I sadly realized that dream was no longer possible.
Afterwards, I had dinner with Suzumun and Kiki's family.
We had somen. It was so delicious.
The whole family was at peace.
We all had fun watching a baseball game on TV.
Suzumun and Kiki looked like they were having fun, too.
But above all else... I was fraught with envy.
I wanted to be part of this family.
Mom and Dad hated each other.
They always fought when they saw one another.
Eventually, they stopped meeting face-to-face, and each stopped coming home when the other was there.
Everyone in my family just lived their own lives separate from each other.
Despite that, it was the only place I'd felt like I belonged.
But once Dad left and Mom started bringing Mr. Tanaka over, it slowly but surely lost that feeling.
This place was wonderful.
I could only imagine how fun it would be to live with Suzumun here.
I'm sure all girls my age had dreams like that.
But...
I was filthy now...
Could Suzumun ever accept someone like that?
...No, that wasn't the issue.
It wasn't a matter of wanting acceptance.
The problem was that because I loved Suzumun from the bottom of my heart...
...I wanted to offer my purest self up to him.
But it was too late.
I was a caterpillar now. Not a human.
I simply wasn't suitable for one as pure and radiant as him.
Wanting him to accept someone like me would be asking way too much.
...But I wanted to go to the Prince of Moonsoot.
Because I no longer had anywhere else to go...
If I were to meet him again, would he be able to save me?
Could I abandon this monstrous body and start anew?
Like a caterpillar becomes a butterfly, could I be reborn as my pure self and love him?
Indeed. I was a caterpillar.
I was the same as that hideous, loathsome creature.
⑳...⑳
⑳Minobe?⑳
⑳Huh? Oh, aha ha. Eheh.⑳
I was a master at masking my tears.
⑳Whoaaah...Th-This room sure has a lotta personality...⑳
⑳A-A-Actually, it was my older brother's! My older brother's!⑳
⑳One day, he said he was going to take the world by storm with heavy metal, went off on a journey with guitar in hand, and I haven't heard from him since!⑳
⑳Right, right. This was your brother's room. Got it.⑳
⑳Oh, but what's this jacket? There's a name sewed onto it.⑳
⑳'Bloodstained Angels, First Attack Squad Leader — Tsubakiko Haru—'⑳
⑳Aaah, aaaah, ghaaaaah! That's, uh, bbeabebabbiabbabbeobbb!⑳
I'd heard rumors that Kiki used to be one heck of a troublemaker...
But this was something else. Even I was dumbfounded.
She wore a striking headband in what appeared to be a commemorative group photo with her gang members.
So if Kiko was a butterfly now, then the girl in the photo must have been her as a caterpillar. An entirely different person.
This very room itself was a vile caterpillar.
And she'd transformed from a caterpillar to a butterfly.
So could that happen to me too someday?
...Of course not.
Because I was already a filthy, revolting, vile caterpillar...
...
...
⑳That's not true.⑳
Huh? Who said that?
I heard someone calling to me in my sleep.
It was the first time I'd heard that voice...
...and yet I knew who it was.
I slowly opened my eyes...
...and saw myself.
⑳Let's go.⑳
⑳Go? Where to?⑳
⑳Do you even have to ask?⑳
⑳To the Prince of Moonsoot's kingdom!⑳
⑳I-I would if I could.⑳
⑳But I've been—⑳
⑳No, no. You don't need to look so down.⑳
⑳After all...⑳
⑳The Prince of Moonsoot has an amazing power.⑳
Huh? What was she talking about?
⑳His body possesses most sacred soot.⑳
⑳If you can take that for yourself...⑳
⑳...Then what?⑳
⑳You can get your old pure body back.⑳
⑳R-Really...?⑳
⑳And if you do...⑳
⑳...then you can be with the Prince of Moonsoot and live happily ever after.⑳
⑳Happily ever after...⑳
⑳Now go forth, Elice.⑳
⑳Take my hand.⑳
⑳Let us make haste to the Moonsoot Kingdom.⑳
⑳Your prince is already there.⑳
After a few moments, I reached out and took my antlered doppelganger's hand.
And then I saw a scarlet gleam before my eyes.
...The delicious scent of tea tickled at my nose.
I slowly regained consciousness.
⑳...⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
Where was I?
I was supposed to have been sleeping in my own bed.
Yet I'd woken up to find myself in my school uniform, sitting at a table with fragrant tea in front of me.
⑳What's... going on?⑳
I couldn't move my arms.
It was like they were glued to my body or something. I couldn't tear them free.
Confused, I looked at my body to discover I was wrapped in a silver silk blanke—no, these were strings.
Those silver strings had me tied to the chair.
I was in an oddly designed house dyed in silver, as though it had been buried in snow.
It took me a while to realize this room was like a cocoon.
⑳Sorry it's so tight...⑳
⑳Minobe?⑳
⑳The thing is... I'm... in love with you, Suzumun.⑳
⑳And because of that, I want to be with you forever. Do you think that's weird?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳No. I think it's only natural.⑳
⑳But if that's what you really want...⑳
⑳...I don't think tying me up without an explanation is a good way to get that across.⑳
⑳That's true. But don't worry.⑳
⑳I'll free you once we become a couple.⑳
⑳But there's something I have to do first.⑳
Minobe placed knives and forks on the table with a clatter.
It looked like she was setting the table for dinner, but there were too many places.
She placed multiple sets of knives, forks, spoons, and other utensils whose purposes were a mystery to me.
Eventually, it looked more like she was setting up for a surgery.
Once I realized that, I finally noticed those other creepy utensils were in fact tools used in abdominal surgery.
⑳I wonder what feast you have in mind. With all these utensils, I'm really looking forward to it.⑳
⑳That is... as long as I'm on the side doing the eating.⑳
My restraints were sturdier than I'd expected.
All I could do was squirm like a caterpillar.
⑳I'll be the one doing the eating here.⑳
⑳...And what will you be eating?⑳
⑳Soot.⑳
⑳The soot of the divine curse that's stuffed away in your innards, O Prince of Moonsoot.⑳
⑳I can't wait to chow down on those red and black guts of yours, all rich in soot...⑳
⑳Mmm...⑳
Minobe slurped loudly as she looked hungrily down on me.
My hands were clammy.
I could tell by the look in her eyes she was serious.
⑳Then I can get my old self back.⑳
⑳I can cast aside this corrupt and ugly body... and be reborn.⑳
⑳You're not ugly. Not at all.⑳
⑳Yes, I am.⑳
⑳I doubt you can say that once you see this...⑳
Minobe rolled her skirt up to her navel.
She then thrust her fingers under her skin with a splash...
...and pulled the flesh off her legs like a pair of pants.
Her lower half was like a giant caterpillar's, dyed with garish colors and spots.
⑳See now?⑳
⑳This is the body of a desecrated monster. I could never be with you like this.⑳
⑳A princess needs a pure and beautiful body to be with the prince...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳If that's the body you were born with...⑳
⑳Then I don't think it's ugly at all.⑳
⑳You can't be serious. There's no way I could have been born looking like this.⑳
⑳But then... a monster... a monster...⑳
⑳...turned me into... this hideous thing... *sob*⑳
Minobe covered her face and wept.
I tried to think of something comforting to say when suddenly, her eyes widened and she cackled.
⑳But it's all right now! Heh ha ha ha!⑳
⑳Listen to this! I can break my curse by eating your sacred soot!⑳
⑳By eating my guts, you mean?⑳
⑳But then I'll die...⑳
⑳Well, neither of us want that! So don't worry! I won't let you die!⑳
⑳After all, the prince and the princess need to get together to live happily ever after!⑳
⑳But if you cut me open with that lineup you have there, that won't happen.⑳
⑳It'll be fine! I've got a sewing kit I can stitch you back together with!⑳
⑳Huh? Oh, right. I need to get that out, huh?⑳
⑳That was close. All your organs will spill out unless I sew you up fast...⑳
Minobe turned her back to me and started fishing through the silk-covered cabinet.
This was my chance to make a clean break.
I bent over, picked up one of the upside-down knives with my teeth, and inserted it under my armpit.
I twisted my body in various ways until I finally felt the blade meet with one of the strings.
I managed to make a small incision into the string. I twisted my body some more, and little by little it grew bigger.
⑳Hey Suzumun? What color thread would you like for your stomach?⑳
Her back was still turned. I was getting closer to freedom by the second.
⑳I've got a wide selection. There's vanilla, chocolate—oh, peppermint might be nice, too.⑳
⑳But I think Blue Hawaii suits you best.⑳
Just a little more... Just a little more... Ugh...
The table and chairs were cleaved in half by a giant saw.
She'd pulled it out from the cabinet and was now wielding it.
The blade cut through the chair I'd just been sitting in like it was butter.
⑳You're amazing, Suzumun. How'd you cut the thread?⑳
⑳...You're not Minobe, are you?⑳
⑳Hmm?⑳
⑳I don't know who you are...⑳
⑳But if you continue to make a mockery of the Minobe I respect so thoroughly...⑳
⑳Then what?⑳
⑳I'll get mad.⑳
⑳For real.⑳
⑳Ha... ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
She doubled over with laughter as the crack of snapping twigs resounded from her head.
Just then, magnificent deer antlers sprouted out of it.
Her eyes flashed scarlet, demonstrating the majesty of a higher being who looked down on humans.
⑳How amusing, Suzumu Susuhara. You truly are interesting.⑳
⑳Now let me ask you this, descendant of Mutsu.⑳
⑳What is it you think you can do after a thousand years?⑳
⑳You have but one role now.⑳
⑳To take those soot-filled guts of yours...⑳
⑳...and offer them up to me!⑳
She swung the saw again, shattering the floor I'd been standing on mere seconds prior.
⑳Quite nimble. But there's nowhere to run.⑳
⑳Where's the real Minobe?⑳
⑳Never in a thousand years have I ever met anyone foolish enough to waste time answering their prey.⑳
⑳But since you're going to die anyway, I may as well tell you.⑳
⑳That's quite the cliché, but I appreciate it.⑳
Just one hit from that terrifying saw would cleave me in two.
For a moment, my legs threatened to freeze up with fear.
But thanks to the strength of heart I'd cultivated over the years, I managed to keep my head.
⑳That girl is the caterpillar monster's plaything now.⑳
⑳Her mother truly was a fool.⑳
⑳She brought that monster into her castle, unaware of his aims to gobble up her daughter.⑳
I understood what she was saying.
A mother who brought her lover home. A girl who'd lost her sense of belonging.
I now knew exactly what this place was.
This was her mental world.
Every aspect of it was a symbol of the pain she held deep within her.
And the cursed soot greedily fed off her emotional scars.
⑳You dodge so gracefully. Why are you not paralyzed with fear?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You truly are special. No wonder you have lasted a millennium.⑳
⑳I will let you be with Kanae, if that is what you want.⑳
⑳And how am I supposed to do that when you're eating my guts?⑳
⑳Worry not. This is a fairytale world. Such minor wounds will not kill you.⑳
⑳Here, you and Kanae may live happily together.⑳
⑳I can't let that happen. We have school tomorrow.⑳
⑳Everyone would be shocked if I showed up with my stomach sliced open.⑳
⑳You need not worry about that. I shall sew you back up as good as new once I am done with my feast.⑳
⑳I don't think that'll be possible.⑳
⑳And why is that, pray tell?⑳
⑳Because...⑳
⑳...you look like you can't handle it.⑳
⑳Am I wrong?⑳
⑳Heh, heh heh heh heh heh!⑳
⑳Suzumu Susuhara, descendant of Mutsu—you have roused my soul!⑳
⑳I shall drink your soot and blood whole!⑳
Giant caterpillars had assembled to consume Princess Elice's beautiful castle.
Shreds of the card soldiers torn to pieces in battle were strewn everywhere.
Kanae and the Ssech King were facing off at the giant ssech board in the courtyard.
The Ssech King was at an overwhelming advantage, as though alluding to the tragic state of affairs.
Kanae's pieces were devoured and shattered one after the next.
Every time, she gave up a part of her body to summon new ones.
But the Ssech King destroyed them relentlessly, driving her body and spirit to the edge.
⑳Ehee hee hee hee! Oh, what a joyoush day thish shall be!⑳
⑳Now I can welcome you into my family!⑳
⑳Khh...⑳
Kanae unconsciously dropped what she was holding.
It looked like a stuffed pincushion impaled by countless pins.
But it wasn't. It was a doll that represented her wagered body parts.
She had to give up a part of her body to create new pieces every time she lost one.
Normally, one would have to remove them manually via torturous methods, as per the rules of ssech.
But the Ssech King had chosen not to do that.
Instead of losing body parts, Kanae would offer them up as collateral and give them to the Ssech King.
The stuffed pincushion at her feet signified what parts of her body now belonged to the Ssech King.
There were already pins everywhere—like a hedgehog.
In other words, the Ssech King already owned Kanae's whole body...
⑳You've losht yet another piece!⑳
⑳And now you have nothing left to wager, do you?⑳
⑳Mgh...⑳
Still, this wasn't a game in which she could afford to admit defeat.
Her castle had already fallen. She had nowhere to run.
To give up would be to surrender her body and soul.
Continuing to resist no matter the crisis was her only way left of protecting her heart.
⑳Then I'll take your heart ash inshurance next!⑳
⑳Come on, here'sh the pincushion. Ehee hee hee!⑳
The Ssech King handed her a heart pincushion.
Kanae timidly reached for her sewing kit, stuffed with pins.
If she stabbed it, she could keep fighting in exchange for part of her heart. She had no other choice.
But to do so would mean gradually accepting surrender each time.
⑳I'll...⑳
⑳I'll never give in to scum like you...⑳
Her mind made up, Kanae took about ten pins and thrust them into the heart.
There wasn't supposed to be pain involved...
...yet Kanae felt like she'd been literally stabbed in the heart.
The ground at her feet felt mushy for a second.
Sticky drops of sweat rose to her face.
Despite her valiant defiance, her bravery was faltering.
⑳Thish cashtle ish already mine.⑳
⑳The queen bee ish my conshort! Ehee hee hee hee hee!⑳
⑳Everything you have ish all mine!⑳
That was already true.
She no longer had a home to go back to, nor a mother she could rely on.
⑳You were going to shtay at a manga café with your hard-earned cash? Do you really think you could live like that?⑳
⑳Ugh...⑳
⑳Have you ever thought about jusht how much it coshtsh to live?⑳
⑳Here'sh a lesshon for you! People can only live by eating money and shitting it out!⑳
He was right.
Money was just like air to modern society—you'd suffocate instantly without it.
But children were kept far too sheltered from that piece of common sense.
Because their parents kept them warm and fed.
That was why they all grew up ignorant of it.
As a result, they ended up completely unaware of money's true value.
And thus, they were caught completely flatfooted when suddenly faced with that harsh reality.
That was Kanae.
Her lips dried up and trembled, face clammy with sweat.
⑳You have no home, no parentsh, and no money! Sho you should die! But can you?!⑳
⑳You can't! That'sh jusht human nature!⑳
⑳Aaah... aaaah...⑳
Kanae fell to her knees as she wrapped her arms around her shoulders.
She could no longer suppress the fear she felt as a child who'd lost her only protection.
⑳But I can give that to you!⑳
⑳I have the power to grant you a home and money!⑳
⑳My company hash a place with sheveral shpare apartmentsh.⑳
⑳I'll let you live in one of them!⑳
⑳The company paysh for all the utilitiesh! I'll give you money each month to pay for your food!⑳
⑳You'll be free to do whatever you want, whether it'sh getting a job or going to shchool!⑳
⑳But in exchange...⑳
⑳...you'll have to let me shtay over whenever I want! Ehee hee hee hee hee!⑳
⑳Screw... you...⑳
Who the hell would want to live in a kingdom of monsters...?
⑳A home, a place to shleep, and three mealsh a day! The kind of life people take for granted!⑳
⑳Tell me, how terrifying wash it when you realized that could all be taken away in an inshtant?!⑳
The Ssech King's forces were comprised of pieces twisted and hideous, yet giant and powerful.
They moved irrationally, exterminating Kanae's newborn pieces one after another.
Those pieces born from the sacrificed parts of her heart shattered and vanished from the board.
⑳You've losht even more piecesh again! Ready to give up yet?!⑳
⑳I won't lose... I'll never lose.⑳
Kanae reached back into the sewing kit with trembling hands, pulled out more pins, and stabbed them into the heart.
Each one symbolized her impending surrender.
Every time, her heart was forced to accept that a child couldn't possibly live on their own.
All she wanted was an ordinary life.
Not wading through filth and prowling in search of a nest day after day like a rat.
Not scraping by on part-time jobs and sating herself on unhealthy food.
If she drifted between manga cafés and friends' houses, she'd eventually lose those too, and have no choice but to live on the streets.
Was that all her life was worth?
Her classmates all lived snugly, with parents who loved them and provided them with food and shelter.
So why was she the only one forced to live in such a horrible state?
⑳No...⑳
⑳No... I don't want that...⑳
⑳Help me...⑳
⑳Someone, please save me...⑳
A home with a warm bed and enough money to lead a healthy life.
Kanae thought only her mother could provide her with such luxuries.
But there was someone else who would! And he was right in front of her!
Only a family could provide their children with money and shelter! Only a family could love so freely and unconditionally!
The world revolved around money! That was the reason everyone had to work! Children were simply sheltered from that truth!
She could gain a home and money by becoming this man's pet—no, it was the other way around!
She had to accept becoming his pet in order to obtain a home and money. That was the way society worked, and everyone knew it!
It wasn't like he'd oppress her like a slave every day. Just on nights he wanted to sate his lust.
What wonderful treatment in a world where adults have to work 365 days a year without summer break or paid vacations and are forced to work the night shift even on their days off!
⑳Think it over, Princessh Elice.⑳
⑳Have I ever shaid I hate you?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I love you, sho I want to you to live happily ever after in Caterpillarland.⑳
⑳You're free to turn down my offer, of courshe.⑳
⑳But I want you to remember thish.⑳
⑳If you reject me...⑳
⑳...and shtart living on the shtreetsh like a filthy rat...⑳
⑳...even if you realize your mishtake and beg for forgivenessh...⑳
⑳...no one will give them to you.⑳
⑳...it'll be too late! I offer no shecond chancesh!⑳
⑳Ehee hee hee hee! Ehee hee hee hee hee hee hee!⑳
The Ssech King chortled with triumph.
But accepting his offer would mean surrendering her heart.
The filthy grin of that unpleasant man was looking more and more like an angel's smile by the second.
Surely it would be crazier for her to keep rejecting his patronage out of pride. He was her savior who'd imparted that lesson to her.
The more she thought that way... the more appealing he seemed.
⑳No...⑳
That couldn't be right. Scum like him couldn't possibly be her savior—her prince.
After all, the prince who would save her—who would grant her her happily ever after—was...
⑳Suzumu Susuhara will not appear.⑳
Kanae's doppelganger with those divine antlers and scarlet eyes appeared from above and laughed.
⑳He is dead. He cannot save you now.⑳
⑳N-No way...⑳
⑳Once I devour his soot, I shall gather all the soot from my sisters.⑳
⑳But you are my shell. And so I must destroy you first.⑳
⑳Only then will I emerge, spread my wings of disaster, and bring calamity unto this land.⑳
⑳Destroy that shell, scum.⑳
⑳Ehee hee hee!⑳
⑳You are free to crush her heart! Rip her to shreds! Reduce her to nothing but a grub in a jar!⑳
⑳Such is a fitting end to the descendant of that hateful ritual!⑳
⑳Ash you wish! Let'sh keep going, Princessh Elice!⑳
⑳It can't be...⑳
⑳Suzumun can't be dead!⑳
⑳Ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳Whatever is wrong, descendant of Mutsu?⑳
⑳Is running all you can do? How disappointing.⑳
⑳Mutsu created the Divine Tribute Style and passed it down to his descendants, did he not?⑳
⑳So why have you not tried to use it on me?⑳
⑳...⑳
The Divine Tribute Style was meant to be dedicated to a god, not for striking one.
Hajakensho—the fist to crush evil and demonstrate the righteous path.
Suzumu was up against the avatar of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse. In other words, he was up against the wrath of the god itself.
It was akin to rain and lightning from the heavens.
There was no evil or righteousness in nature. The same applied to her existence.
So punching her would prove ineffective.
⑳My fist is not meant for striking you.⑳
⑳Heh. Then what is it for?⑳
⑳Hajakensho—crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path.⑳
And that was demonstrated by showing thanks to God...
Suzumu understood that logic. That was meant to be the essence of the Divine Tribute Style.
But how could he feel any gratitude for this girl trying to kill him with such a twisted smile?
⑳So, you will not strike me? Then I suppose it is about time I reap my reward.⑳
⑳Your soot is mine!⑳
That attack split both sky and ground, cleaving the whole room in half.
The saw's relentless assault had already rended the room—no, the whole cabin—asunder.
Unable to take any more, the floor split into two and began to tilt.
⑳Whoa!⑳
Suzumu was swallowed by the rift in the room.
Below was the foliage of a thick grove of giant trees.
The room was a treehouse that'd been built on the top of a towering tree.
Suzumu managed to grab onto a floorboard at the last second. The rest of his body hung in mid-air.
He wondered just how tall this tree was.
It felt like he was looking down at a forest from a cable car in the mountains.
The surface was slightly misty. Just looking at it froze Suzumu with fear.
⑳Look at what you've been reduced to, descendant of Mutsu.⑳
⑳You could live happily ever after with Kanae in this fairytale land.⑳
⑳So why do you reject it?⑳
She placed the edge of the giant saw on Suzumu's fingertips.
It seemed the avatar of the divine curse wasn't bound by laws of the human world like gravity. She floated in the air and calmly gazed down at Suzumu.
⑳If that's what she wants, I could consider it.⑳
⑳But...⑳
⑳But what?⑳
⑳That's what you want. Not her.⑳
⑳So it's absolutely out of the question!⑳
⑳Heh. How valiant you are, descendant of Mutsu.⑳
⑳Then abandon the final choice I bestowed upon you and meet your pathetic end!⑳
⑳No. I have one last choice I can make.⑳
⑳What other options could you possibly have at this point?⑳
⑳None. I shall take you as my prisoner and drag out your guts!⑳
⑳Sorry, but that won't be happening.⑳
⑳What...?⑳
Once she captured him, only death awaited him. A literal dead end.
And if he fell from this height, his death was also guaranteed. But thick foliage lay below.
Though the chances of survival were slim to none, it was still a chance. So Suzumu would not hesitate to choose it.
⑳...Fool.⑳
⑳You'll smash to pieces the moment you hit the ground.⑳
⑳Then so will my guts.⑳
⑳I suppose that means you'll just have to put me back together again for that soot of yours.⑳
⑳You cur...⑳
⑳If you're going to eat me where I stand, then I'd rather put up a fight!⑳
⑳Su-Suzumu Susuhara!⑳
The manifestation of the curse reached out for him, but Suzumu had already vanished into the world below.
Not even the sound of him hitting the ground would reach that high up.
⑳That cretin...⑳
⑳He must have thought the leaves would break his fall...⑳
⑳What a fool. Ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳No... Suzumun can't be...⑳
⑳Your prince will never come for you.⑳
⑳Therefore, you have no choice.⑳
⑳You must join that man's—those hideous insects'—'family.'⑳
⑳Ehee hee hee hee hee!⑳
⑳The only difference is how long it takes for you to come to terms with that.⑳
⑳You've losht yet another piece!⑳
⑳*sob*⑳
⑳No matter how many piecesh you add, you're bound to fail!⑳
⑳Keep going! Unlessh you shurrender more of your heart, you have no hope of turning the tablesh!⑳
⑳I-I won't give in. I'll never submit to the likes of you!⑳
⑳Aaa...⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
Kanae grabbed a fistful of pins and thrust them into the heart.
It was impossible to even make out its original shape anymore.
Nearly every part of it was covered in pins.
She'd squeezed out every last bit of her heart to muster her final resistance.
Several powerful pieces befitting that final flicker of the candle lined themselves up on the board.
⑳An ordinary life is all I ask for. I just want to be happy.⑳
⑳I'll never surrender my happiness...⑳
⑳...to a scumbag like you!⑳
Kanae's white pieces advanced gallantly across the board.
They stared down and clashed with the Ssech King's black pieces.
But her pieces were defeated one after another.
It wasn't unreasonable.
The man was wicked and crafty. On top of that, he'd stolen assets from countless other victims.
The depths of all those wicked acts were the well from which he drew his own pieces.
His power was far beyond what a powerless, penniless child could possess.
⑳How fragile you man-demons are...⑳
⑳All you can do is turn your eyes from your demise and postpone that fear for as long as possible.⑳
⑳Both Mutsu and Suzunome's descendants are truly fragile. Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh...⑳
⑳Now you've losht even more piecesh!⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳You can't bring out any more?⑳
⑳If sho, that meansh I win, doeshn't it?⑳
She had to keep creating pieces to avoid admitting defeat.
But both the doll and heart pincushions were already stuffed with pins.
There was nowhere else for her to stick a pin into. So she couldn't create more pieces.
Kanae had given up all her heart and body...
All that was left were her emotions.
She had no choice but to accept she'd lost...
⑳If you can't bring out any more piecesh...⑳
⑳...then that meansh I win... right?⑳
⑳You don't have a body left to wager! Your heart and body are now thoshe of a lurid caterpillar!⑳
Kanae slowly fell to her knees, groveling and weeping.
He was right. She had nothing left...
⑳Wrong. There's a body to wager right here.⑳
⑳I'll stake my right arm for her.⑳
⑳Wh-Who are you?⑳
⑳You wretch... How did you survive from a fall that high?⑳
⑳You said this was a fairytale land.⑳
Suzumu had fallen from a tall tree.
There was no way the foliage could break his fall. He'd been prepared to die.
But residents of this land—birds, butterflies, flowers, and mushrooms—had caught him.
This was Kanae Minobe's mental world.
It would hardly sit back and let its prince die.
⑳Khh, will the troubles ever end with you?!⑳
⑳Su-Suzumun, why are you here?⑳
⑳Divine curse... I finally found a reason to thank you.⑳
⑳What?⑳
⑳Thanks to you, I'm standing here right now.⑳
⑳Hajakensho. I'm grateful from the bottom of my heart I could demonstrate it because of you.⑳
⑳You're... grateful to me?⑳
⑳S-Such arrogance... Know your place, man-demon!⑳
⑳Do it, filth! Crush the last of Kanae Minobe's heart!⑳
⑳You think you can turn the tablesh at thish point?! I dare you to try, boy!⑳
⑳Stay back. I'll handle this.⑳
⑳Su-Suzumun...⑳
Suzumu lowered his hips... and readied his fist.
To demonstrate his wager to the Ssech King, he stuck needles in his own right arm, the very embodiment of the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style.
A radiant light shone in the air... and a powerful white piece, pure and sublime as ivory, descended upon the board.
It shimmered brilliantly and sprouted thick antlers like the sacred deer—befitting an opponent of the divine curse.
⑳Impossible... This power is...⑳
⑳You dare to dream you can beat me with a shingle piece like that?! Don't get sho full of yourshelf!⑳
The twisted black pieces charged the white piece all at once.
But they failed to take it.
It was like they were striking a stone wall with eggs. No matter how much the grotesque pieces attacked, Suzumu's piece didn't even budge.
Instead, they were destroyed themselves.
⑳H-How?! Why can't I win?!⑳
⑳I'm a preshident! I'm loaded with cash!⑳
⑳I shpent sho much time and money to corner her! I shpared no effort! Sho how?!⑳
⑳...You call that effort?⑳
⑳Wh-What?⑳
⑳Before the thousand years that have gone into the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style...⑳
⑳...your efforts are nothing.⑳
A millennium of emotions, all to save a single woman.
How could one piece of filth's trifling ambitions stand a chance against that?
⑳Suzumun!⑳
⑳Rrr...⑳
⑳Rraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaghhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
Suzumu's merciless anger smashed the black pieces one after another, a veritable blade aimed at evil.
That sight was positively divine to Kanae.
It was the end of the line for all the evil that dared face Suzumu's wrath.
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳No piece of your vile heart will be spared!⑳
⑳You have nowhere to run! Now witness your destruction!⑳
⑳Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek! My piecesh! My piecesh!⑳
All the hideous pieces were exterminated.
Eradicating the filth was all that remained.
⑳Su-Suzumu Susuhara!⑳
The divine curse swung her large saw down from the sky.
But that blade could not cleave Suzumu's sublime piece.
The saw was stuck in it and could not be pulled out.
The divine curse frantically tried to remove it... but then Suzumu slowly rose to the board... and made his way over to her.
⑳I will now offer my gratitude to God.⑳
⑳I am the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto...⑳
⑳What gratitude could the descendant of a man-demon possibly have for me?!⑳
⑳Thank you for guiding me to the pain in her heart.⑳
⑳Now...⑳
⑳...you no longer belong here. Return to your rightful place, o divine curse.⑳
⑳Aaah... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...⑳
⑳Brother! I-I have still not avenged you!⑳
Suzumu slowly lowered his hips and readied his fist.
The divine curse was frozen in place and couldn't move.
She just looked on in panic, anticipating her own end.
⑳Br-Brother!⑳
⑳Haah...⑳
⑳Rrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggggggggggggggggggggh!⑳
⑳What?!⑳
⑳Hajakensho—crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path.⑳
⑳Wh-Who are you?! Where did you come from?!⑳
They were in front of an indecent hotel in the seedy part of the business district.
The man gripping Kanae by the shoulder and trying to drag her inside was shocked by the sudden appearance of Suzumu.
⑳Su-Suzumun...!⑳
⑳Save me!⑳
⑳Wh-What are you doing?! M-Mind your own business!⑳
⑳I am Suzumu Susuhara, practitioner of the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style...⑳
⑳Now!⑳
The fist created to save a single woman crushed evil.
Suzumu drove his fist into the slovenly man's abdomen.
The man's stomach twisted like a whirlpool, and he was sent flying as he coughed up a filthy spray.
His large body crashed into the ground and rolled across the sidewalk, landing face-up.
⑳Urgh, agh, ghhhhh!⑳
⑳...⑳
Suzumu's face expressed a desire to crush evil. An indignant expression that even the divine curse would have cowered before.
Taken aback, the man crawled across the asphalt as he made a break for it.
Kanae felt like she was dreaming.
The man who'd tried to take control of her entire life had been erased with one punch.
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Suzumun... why are you here?⑳
⑳Because you called for me.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Suzu...mun...⑳
⑳I wish... I could have offered... my pure self... up to you...⑳
Kanae smiled with tears in her eyes.
⑳Ughhhhh... *cough*⑳
⑳Who the hell was that punk...⑳
⑳Goddammit... And I was so close...⑳
The filth moaned in agony as he staggered through the dark town.
Just then, a woman appeared.
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳Why hello there, sir. How do you do?⑳
⑳Y-You... Tha-That's right! The police! Call the police!⑳
⑳You're right. I suppose I should. But I'd like to show you something first.⑳
⑳Hmm?⑳
Hinagata tapped her phone a few times, then showed the screen to the man.
⑳Lookie here. It's a photo of you about to take a high school girl in uniform into a love hotel.⑳
⑳Wh-What?! How did you...?!⑳
There were several photos of him trying to drag Kanae into the hotel. Their faces were perfectly clear, too.
⑳I wonder what the boys in blue would have to say about you making the moves on a minor?⑳
⑳Clear photographic proof→Arrested on the spot by the cops→The internet goes up in flames when they find out you're the president of Sususoft!⑳
⑳After that, well, let's see...!⑳
⑳W-W-Wait! I-I'll pay you anything you want!⑳
The man brought his hands together and begged when suddenly, he found himself hanging in midair.
Hinagata had lifted him up by the collar with unimaginable strength.
⑳Here's the deal: You go near my kid again, and I'll make the rest of your life a living hell.⑳
⑳And while we're at it...⑳
⑳Never show your face to the Minobes again. Get lost, you son of a bitch.⑳
Though Hinagata was smiling, her eyes held a ferocity that would make anyone quake in their boots.
She threw the man right onto the hood of a parked car.
Unable to comprehend what was happening, he fled into the city, spewing snot and tears.
⑳Ms. Hinagata...⑳
⑳Hello there, lovebirds!⑳
⑳School receives incriminating photos!→Emergency staff meeting!→Suspension, house arrest, become high school dropouts! It's all over!⑳
⑳Uh, um...⑳
⑳Heh heh. I'm just kidding.⑳
⑳Looks like we made it in time, huh?⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
⑳...I don't know if I'd say that...⑳
⑳Minobe, do you know what day it is?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
Hinagata took out her phone and showed her the date.
It was a day earlier than Kanae thought.
The day when that filthy caterpillar revealed his true colors...
⑳You haven't been dirtied at all.⑳
⑳It was all a nightmare. Caused by a haunting.⑳
⑳Wait, then...⑳
⑳I-It was all... just a dream?⑳
The date on her own phone was the same.
Kanae ran into a nearby convenience store and checked the date on the newspaper and anything else that displayed it.
They were all the same. This really was the same night.
⑳Poor thing. That must have been a horrible dream you had.⑳
⑳A dream...⑳
⑳I-It really was just a dream...⑳
⑳Yes. You haven't been dirtied. You're still as pure as always.⑳
⑳Aha, ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
Kanae laughed feebly as she finally burst into tears.
To think that hell of a night really had just been a dream...
⑳And so the prince came to save the princess trapped in her nightmare.⑳
⑳Suzumun...⑳
⑳You're a princess.⑳
⑳So we can't let the path to your happily ever after be destroyed that easily.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Suzu...mu...n...⑳
⑳*sob* *sob*⑳
That said, there was no way everything would be all wrapped up in a nice bow.
The cult leader her mother had been so engrossed with had up and vanished, so she'd probably grow restless at the thought she'd been abandoned again...
There was still a chance her next actions wouldn't be for her daughter's benefit.
Though one danger had vanished, Kanae still had a rough journey ahead until she reached her happily ever after.
But Princess Elice of the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom was tough.
The queen bee was an adult. Her choices were hers to make.
By putting distance between them, and making her own choices as an adult, Kanae could focus on her own future...
⑳Me? Well, at first I was thinking of going to some dumb college like most people...⑳
⑳But now I'm thinking of looking at some other options.⑳
⑳Do you intend to go job-hunting? Or will you enroll in a vocational school?⑳
⑳I was thinking of becoming a caretaker.⑳
⑳Ooh. With the way our society's aging, that line of work will be hot in demand.⑳
⑳But I've heard it's a pretty hard job.⑳
⑳Why a caretaker?⑳
⑳Well, all of us have been afforded a lot of protections. You know, like money and shelter.⑳
⑳But when we get old, we need someone to look after us again.⑳
⑳I'm grateful that I've been able to live under such supervision my entire life.⑳
⑳So I wanna repay everyone who kept us safe by looking after them in return.⑳
⑳Ooh. That answer will get you major points in an interview.⑳
⑳I've heard the job has high turnover rates, though. I don't believe it's a profession that can be carried with ideals alone.⑳
⑳Don't worry, I'm prepared for that. Besides, I have an ulterior motive, too. Nyeh heh heh.⑳
⑳I'll shower the old farts with fat wallets with so much love that they might leave something to me in their wills! Nyeh heh!⑳
⑳That's certainly a great reason to apply...⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha. I guess that's what makes you everyone's favorite Minobe.⑳
⑳Though becoming a caretaker is my backup plan. My first choice is totally different.⑳
⑳What is it? Can you tell us?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳Eheh heh heh heh. I'm thinking I might just try to snag a prince all for myself.⑳
⑳But you'll need to find one first, won't you?⑳
⑳That's no problemo. I've already found one. In fact, he's right in front of me.⑳
⑳Oh! Natty, look outside! There's an ultra-rare card blowing in the wind!⑳
⑳Huh?! Where?! Where?!⑳
Right when Natsuya ran over to the window...
...Kanae dove into Suzumu's chest and kissed him right on the lips.
Tsubakiko and Riria blushed and were rendered speechless.
Suzumu wore a look of utter confusion, while Kanae's cheeks held a red tinge.
Natsuya tried to jump out the window in search of the ultra-rare card.
⑳Eheh heh heh.⑳
⑳I just gave the prince my very first kiss.⑳
⑳Uh, umm...⑳
⑳Princess Elice will get her happily ever after with the Prince of Moonsoot.⑳
⑳Her journey will never end until that day!⑳
⑳Sis...ter...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳How... truly... morti...fy...ing...⑳
⑳...⑳
Riria Nunokawa
In today's warring period of idols, you couldn't survive simply by being cute.
Flower High School was a fiercely athletic idol unit, and we sold ourselves on dancing till we dropped.
We moved and sang with intense vigor on the stage, literally dripping with sweat.
Honestly, we could have just lip-synced, but we refused to cut any corners.
According to our leader Chii, you weren't a full-fledged member of Flower High until you'd collapsed on stage.
To be honest, I thought they were just exaggerating at first. But oh, how wrong I was.
Ai had once fainted face-first on the stage, forcing her to get fake teeth to replace the ones she broke in the fall.
But she never tried to hide it. In fact, she told the story to her fans for bragging rights. That was what Flower High School was all about.
Perfect. I would forge my own tale of heroism—no, my legend.
I had to dance with all my might! All my heart! All my soul!
I was dancing today with enough spirit to kill myself—In fact, I wanted death to just try to take me! I'd laugh in his face!
⑳Wow, Lily's really on fire, huh?!⑳
⑳She's got long legs, so her dancing really shines! She's so on point!⑳
⑳Until I pass out on stage, I'm nothing but an apprentice in Flower High!⑳
⑳I never would have thought the delicate little Cleaning Princess could dance so well!⑳
⑳Just wait until I wipe the floor with my dancing! Magical Clean!⑳
⑳...Agh, you got me saying it!⑳
⑳Ha! Aha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
The fans broke out in laughter. I felt like I finally understood how things worked with Flower High's performances.
But I wasn't done yet! This wasn't enough to make me pass out! I had to keep pushing my limits!
⑳Thank you all for waiting! Here are your tests back!⑳
⑳How well did you do? Heh heh, I got a 72!⑳
⑳Aw man, I'm one point short. Detention is no joke!⑳
⑳Quiet there. You're next, Nunokawa. Here you go.⑳
⑳You did wonderfully as usual. Excellent work.⑳
⑳Thank you very much.⑳
⑳You practice each day and work on the weekends, don't you?⑳
⑳I'm impressed you can do so well at school on top of all that. I mean it.⑳
⑳I never want to make excuses for myself.⑳
⑳If I'm too busy practicing to study, then I shouldn't be practicing.⑳
⑳But if I'm too busy studying to practice, then I shouldn't be studying, either.⑳
⑳So I figured it'd be strange if I didn't do my best to excel at both.⑳
⑳That's such a fantastic attitude to have. You truly are a model student!⑳
⑳Nu-Nunokawa sure is amazing. I can't believe she's an honors student -and- an idol...⑳
⑳She's made from different stuff than the rest of us. It's so not fair...⑳
I neglected my homework when I was the Cleaning Princess.
My teachers overlooked it because they figured it was hard for me to maintain my studies alongside my work.
But there was no way my classmates would let that slide.
So I couldn't afford to slack off.
No excuses I could come up with would satisfy them, nor did I need any.
I just had to devote myself to whatever tasks were before me so I would always be on top of my game.
And in doing so, I could earn everyone's recognition and respect. That much I was sure of.
I applied myself to every challenge I faced, from dance lessons to singing lessons.
They often said that a perfect performance required blood, sweat, and tears. Well, if it were possible to show all that, I would.
Why, you may ask? Because you need visible results to be respected.
That was why Flower High and its selling point were a perfect fit for me.
I worked hard on stage and at school.
So I had to work extra hard for all my fans who recognized my efforts.
⑳Everyone who buys a copy of the CD gets to shake one member's hand!⑳
⑳Hey, that means you need to buy five CDs to shake all the members' hands! That's extortion!⑳
⑳S-S-So if I buy ten, does that mean I can shake Ai's hand ten times?!⑳
⑳It sure does!⑳
The core fans went wild.
I couldn't be more grateful to those who bought multiple CDs just to spend time with us.
So I wanted to match their love for me as best as I could.
No, not match it! Return it ten-fold! I wouldn't let them outdo me no matter what! Flower High School was all about passion, so that was what we were going to give them!
⑳Lily, I bought five CDs, so please shake my hand five times!⑳
⑳You bought five CDs just for me?! Thank you so much!⑳
⑳I've been a fan of yours since you were Magical Lily! So you know I'll be rooting for you from here on out, too!⑳
⑳Your fans sure are wild about you, Lily! You're incredible!⑳
⑳She's sure got a lot of devoted fans from her time as Magical Lily, huh?⑳
⑳I'll enroll every last one of them into Flower High!⑳
⑳For I am no longer the Cleaning Princess! I'm Flower High's newest student!⑳
⑳Yeah, you're right! We'll do our best to bring all those Lily fans over to the Flower High School side ourselves!⑳
It felt like I was walking on air.
Just think. If you were to step into the sky and kept putting your feet forward, it really would be just as though you were walking on clouds.
It was a perfect metaphor for how I felt.
I'd put everything I had into my work so I could stay among the clouds. That determination surged through every fiber of my being.
⑳*pant* *pant* Uh-oh, maybe I need some air. My head's spinning...⑳
⑳Lily will be going on break now!⑳
⑳Are you all right, Lily? You're getting way too into this!⑳
⑳I'll be okay! I just need five minutes!⑳
I staggered on over to the break area set up behind the partition in the back.
The unit ought to be called Adrenaline High School, since that was the only thing keeping us standing.
The staff kept inquiring about my health, clearly concerned for my well-being.
I loved working so hard that others would fall all over themselves to make sure I was okay.
I took a water bottle and plopped down on a folding chair.
⑳Whew...⑳
The crowd's zeal was palpable even through these thin walls.
I could hear those who'd been waiting to get a handshake from me chatting as they reorganized the line to accommodate for my break.
I couldn't afford to rest. I was here because all of them had cheered me on.
But sorry. Just a few minutes, please...
I closed my eyes, and heard the fans talking.
A lot of them were surprisingly timid, and so rarely spoke their true thoughts to my face.
So getting to overhear them would be a good learning experience.
⑳Ai mentioned on Twetter she's into beadwork.⑳
⑳I bought her a beads set as a present! I hope she likes it!⑳
⑳Is Lily into anything right now?⑳
⑳If she told us what she liked, it'd make it all the more worth it to support her.⑳
Interesting. So that was the sort of thing they wanted to hear.
I refrained from talking about my interests because I thought it sounded like an underhanded way of getting presents, but it seemed like I'd need to rethink that.
⑳Chii's the best singer, but Anzu's the best dancer!⑳
⑳That thing Ai does with her hand is so cute, isn't it?!⑳
⑳When it comes to cuteness, Rinne's innocence has got them all beat!⑳
⑳I like how Flower High's showy, yet not indecent. Shyness is key!⑳
This was turning out to be very informative.
I'd have to study Chii's singing and Anzu's dancing.
I also had to look into coming up with a cute gesture of my own. Like the whole ⑳squeaky clean⑳ thing I had going as the Cleaning Princess.
So being flashy yet modest was key, huh? That was kind of a tall order...
⑳A lot of people have jumped on the bandwagon recently, huh?⑳
⑳There are a lot of casuals these days who have no idea just how hard Flower High works. It seriously pisses me off.⑳
I could tell this wasn't going to be a pleasant topic.
⑳Lily's groupies are so annoying. They need to get lost. And so does she.⑳
⑳She doesn't fit in with Flower High at all. Why's she even there?⑳
...New members always got a cold reception by long-time fans.
But that was only natural. No idol could possibly survive if they couldn't win people over with their natural talents.
⑳She used to be so cute as Magical Lily. Talk about a real fall from grace.⑳
⑳Honestly, I was so disappointed today. I'm outta here.⑳
⑳She's way too lanky now and her dancing was total crap. Rest in peace, my Magical Lily.⑳
...I wasn't just some doll modeled after a grade-schooler. Did they seriously think I'd stay the same forever? I was in high school already.
Those creeps who were obsessed with tiny grade-schoolers like Magical Lily had absolutely nothing good to say about the current me.
Honestly, I wished people like that would just buzz off forever.
...
Oh no. Even if it was only in my head, I was badmouthing them.
⑳Why's Lily in Flower High when she can't dance for shit?⑳
Shut up. I've been practicing really hard over here. If I was that bad, then tell me where I screwed up.
⑳I used to love the Cleaning Princess. But now she's a total hag. Talk about a washup. Would seriously appreciate her not ruining my memories, tbqh.⑳
Like I give a crap. I don't wanna be one of your memories.
⑳Why's she even with Flower High? No one asked for that.⑳
Shut the hell up. I didn't join because bastards like you asked for it.
⑳That bitch should just stick to her whole cleaning magic schtick.⑳
⑳Quit badmouthing Magical Lily!⑳
Huh?
⑳Y-Yeah! Our Lily will always be our Lily! She hasn't fallen from grace in the slightest!⑳
⑳Lily, you danced your heart out! You're even better than you were last time!⑳
⑳Don't give up, Lily! We're rooting for you! And we always will be!⑳
Warm teardrops trailed down my cheeks...
They weren't over anything shallow like joy or gratitude.
My heart should have been empty and emotionless, yet I was crying all the same.
I knew it. They weren't all just haters.
There were people out there who understood and supported me...
Suddenly, it felt like several spotlights had focused on me.
I was on a stage engulfed with dazzling light. The countless fans who supported me were in the audience.
I wiped away my tears as I started running toward the light...
H-Huh?
It all went quiet as a tomb.
Soon, there were quiet murmurs across the audience.
I felt like I'd made some kind of mistake.
Just then, I was bathed in the blinding lights all at once, and the fans roared with cheers.
Finally realizing the lights and their eyes were directed behind me, I turned around...
...and saw that I was standing there, waving to all the fans...
⑳I'm Magical Lily, Princess of Cleaningland! Hellolo!⑳
⑳Hellolo!⑳
⑳Wow, so many people here today just for me! Thank you!⑳
⑳Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Lily, Lily Lily, Magical Lily!⑳
⑳We'll be your devotees for life, Magical Lily!⑳
⑳I'll love you forever and ever! Long live Lily!⑳
The fans showed their heartfelt support, but none of it was aimed at me.
I started to wonder if I was invisible or something.
...But soon enough, I began to wish I really was.
Because Magical Lily finally noticed my presence...
⑳Umm...⑳
⑳Who are you?⑳
The audience burst into laughter straight out of a sitcom.
She knew perfectly well who I was. She was mocking me!
⑳I'm Magical Lily, the Princess of Cleaningland!⑳
⑳And who are you, granny?⑳
More laughter.
I didn't know what to say.
This stage was hers. So anything I said would just come off in her favor.
All I could do was hold my tongue and let the verbal whiplashing continue.
⑳...⑳
⑳How'd you get to be so ugly, granny?⑳
Someone in the audience shouted ⑳what a hag!⑳, eliciting yet more laughter.
Finally, I hit my boiling point.
⑳Shut up. I'm your future, you little brat.⑳
⑳What? I don't wanna grow up into an ugly old hag.⑳
⑳Yeah, well, don't think you're going to be a cute little angel forever. You'll be an old lady like me in just a few more years!⑳
⑳Nuh-uh! I'm gonna be ten forever and ever!⑳
⑳Oh, get real, you little snot!⑳
⑳Don't you badmouth Lily!⑳
⑳Get lost, hag! Quit hogging Lily's stage!⑳
⑳Get lost, get lost, get lost, get lost!⑳
The crowd chanted in unison. I gritted my teeth and fought back tears against the harrowing storm of malice...
⑳Thanks for aging in my place, granny.⑳
⑳I'm always gonna be Magical Lily! I'll be in my prime forever and ever!⑳
⑳When all's said and done, you're nothing more than dead skin I haven't scrubbed away yet!⑳
⑳So with my Sparkle Magic, I'm gonna make myself squeaky clean of you!⑳
Her shrill laughter seized me by the heart...
...
⑳...⑳
Another bad daydream... huh.
No, that wasn't a daydream.
I knew the truth.
I tapped my smartphone several times and opened up to the now-familiar screen.
Littering it were rows of thread titles that matched up perfectly with the slander in my daydream.
...A pro turns criticism into strength. That was my motto...
...
⑳How are you feeling, Lily?! Think you can come back?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Oh, yes. Sorry about that. I'm fine now.⑳
⑳Magical Lily's fans are so passionate! They've all been waiting so patiently for your break to end!⑳
⑳Aw man, I wish I could have fans like that myself!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Though they're Magical Lily's fans...⑳
⑳Khee...?⑳
⑳Oh, Kurokki. Shh...⑳
Toé's arrival at the clubroom for the first time in a while was greeted by a unanimous shushing.
Riria was lying asleep on her desk.
Toé caught on and tiptoed quietly across the room. She must have been feeling okay that day.
⑳Mmm, great.⑳
⑳I get to watch Riria sleep. What a great day this is...⑳
⑳It's not very nice to gawk at her in her sleep.⑳
⑳She's got work on top of school, right? She must be exhausted.⑳
⑳Yeah, there's no way I could keep up with that kind of lifestyle.⑳
⑳It must be tough to be an extra, extra popular idol.⑳
⑳I couldn't pull it off. Glory to do-nothing days.⑳
⑳Khho...⑳
...
I wasn't actually sleeping. Just closing my eyes.
So I could hear them all taking care not to wake me.
It warmed my heart.
...I'd been tired a lot recently.
Maybe I'd been pushing myself too hard.
At first, I joined the LCSC intending to build up my image as someone who performed community service.
But ever since Susuhara joined, it'd become a place of comfort.
I knew why.
It was because I could be my true self here.
I'd probably move on from the entertainment world someday.
In this era, youth was everything.
High school idol units would eventually be replaced by middle school units.
And in the end, even they would be displaced by elementary school units like my Cleaning Princess.
Current tastes were shifting toward the young, and no one could stop that.
In other words, the shelf life for us girls who used youth as a selling point was getting shorter and shorter.
I was confident that so long as I applied myself, I could be better than anyone else at singing or dancing.
But no amount of effort or experience could compensate for my fading youth.
Perhaps one day, they wouldn't even want idols who practiced as hard as we did.
With a rising emphasis on amateur skill, an era where only actual amateurs would get the spotlight could very well be on the way.
We were merely shining in transient sunlight between a rift in the clouds—between eras.
Once I retired from showbiz, I wanted to work at a place like the LCSC.
...
Oh no, how careless of me. My thoughts became rather pessimistic when I was tired.
Perhaps I had bipolar tendencies. I doubted many would recognize me as the Riria Kurusu on stage in my current state...
I sighed gently.
I glanced at the others.
They'd grouped up their desks together and were chatting away.
It seemed the LCSC would be helping out with a project to revitalize the Iwaimoto Shopping District.
Apparently, they were seeking youths' opinions on how to liven up the area.
Anyone could think up something run-of-the-mill.
But there was nothing more youthful than thinking completely outside the box.
And so the club was throwing out crazy ideas and laughing about them.
They looked like they were having fun. I wondered if I should join in, too.
I just knew I'd start spiraling back into negative thoughts if I tried to sleep.
⑳M-Mmm...⑳
⑳Oh, did we wake you?⑳
⑳Actually, I woke up a little while ago.⑳
⑳I really appreciate you all letting me nap for a bit.⑳
⑳Wanna help us come up with some ideas?⑳
⑳We're just about to run out.⑳
⑳Hey! I thought my idea for Iwaimoto's 1st Great Duel Championship was great!⑳
⑳Can't you think of anything that doesn't involve children's card games?⑳
⑳Hee hee. You're so predictably funny, Atsuta.⑳
⑳Oh, you're leaving?⑳
⑳I'm just going to the bathroom. I'll join in once I get back.⑳
⑳We'll be waiting.⑳
⑳All right. Thank you, Susuhara.⑳
I took deep breaths as I proceeded down the hall.
And as I watched the sports clubs practicing in the schoolyard, I forced my emotions to change tracks.
I wasn't studying or working right now.
Which meant I needed to put my whole heart into having fun in the LCSC.
⑳Okay.⑳
⑳All right!⑳
I wasn't Magical Lily or Riria Kurusu at the moment. I was Riria Nunokawa.
And she was going to do everything she could to enjoy herself.
...
I redid my makeup in the bathroom and headed back toward the LCSC.
I could hear the others laughing from the clubroom. It sounded like they were all in high spirits.
...Huh?
I prided myself on my hearing.
That was why I could tell there was someone else laughing amongst the others. Someone not part of the LCSC.
A new prospective member, perhaps?
I quietly took a peek into the clubroom from outside.
Inside, everyone was laughing, with Minobe at the center.
Harumiya, Susuhara, and Atsuta were there...
...along with one other.
Everyone was laughing at what she had to say.
Who was she?
⑳...Aah...⑳
My mind went blank, unable to comprehend the sight before me.
Because... because...
...the one laughing with them... was me.
⑳I'm gonna make all the people of the Iwaimoto Shopping District squeaky clean!⑳
⑳Wooooooooooohhhhhh, that's a great idea!⑳
⑳That sounds awesome and all, but would your agency be okay with that?⑳
⑳If we say it's for work, then I'm sure they'll greenlight it!⑳
⑳Everyone loves a good local collaboration these days! If we make the deal sweet enough, I just know they'll gladly let us do it!⑳
⑳If you show up, the street will be packed with your fans.⑳
⑳I don't know if we should be calling it a secret weapon or just plain cheating...⑳
⑳Well, that depends if we're profiting off it. Nyeh heh.⑳
⑳Even ten million yen would be nothing compared to Magical Lily making her great comeback in the Iwaimoto Shopping District!⑳
⑳Let's make it happen, even if it means scraping together all the cash from the stores!⑳
⑳A heart that cleans is a heart of love! You take my dreams to the skies above!⑳
⑳Greaaaaaaaaaaat! Cleaningland National Anthem for the win!⑳
⑳This seems more like a plan to kill Atsuta with joy...⑳
⑳I think it'd be amazing if we could pull it off, though.⑳
⑳Well, let's leave Natty to fundraise that one while we come up with something more realistic.⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳Cleaning, cleaning ma-a-gic! Lu lu la la la!⑳
⑳I'll make your heart squeaky clean! Lu lu lu la la la!⑳
She danced and fooled around with Atsuta.
I-It was Magical Lily...
But how? How was she there?
It didn't make any sense... I was right here...
But there was something else that twisted the knife even further.
It was where she was.
I was the one supposed to be sitting there, having fun with the others.
And yet everyone acted as though that were Lily's rightful place.
As though there was nothing wrong with me being gone.
As though... I were invisible.
Just then, Lily's eyes met mine.
⑳...⑳
⑳...!⑳
Even I didn't understand what I said next.
⑳Y-You stole my spot!⑳
I stomped into the clubroom and grabbed Lily by the collar.
But she just flashed me a malicious grin.
⑳What's your problem? I was just playing with my favorite big brother!⑳
⑳Why are you here?!⑳
⑳This is where I belong! Not you!⑳
⑳Nuh-uh. I can be here if I want to.⑳
⑳In fact, why do I have to go?⑳
⑳B-Because you're not me!⑳
⑳...Do you have a few screws loose?⑳
⑳Y-You little...!⑳
⑳Y'know, actually, it should be the other way around.⑳
⑳You wouldn't even be here without me.⑳
That was an undeniable fact. I would not be the person I was today without her.
But the past was the past. There was no way she could possibly be here at the same time as me.
⑳You've got it all wrong. That's not what I meant.⑳
⑳I'm saying the only reason you made it as an idol is because of me.⑳
⑳What are you talking about?⑳
⑳I made my big break as Cleaning Princess Magical Lily.⑳
⑳And who are you? Just the former Cleaning Princess Riria Kurusu.⑳
⑳If you didn't have that title, no one would even care about someone like you.⑳
⑳You were just your agency's little experiment! There are plenty of girls out there who are way better singers than you, aren't there?⑳
⑳The same goes for dancers, right? And yet they chose you for Flower High instead.⑳
⑳Why? How?! We all practiced just as hard, if not more!⑳
⑳How come she got chosen when we were way better at singing and dancing than her?!⑳
⑳I...⑳
I couldn't even pretend she was wrong. Those facts were common knowledge.
It was because they thought the entertainment world would be all abuzz if the once-renowned Cleaning Princess made her comeback with Flower High School!
Agency staff, managers, reporters—everyone said that.
I wasn't chosen because of my fierce dedication to my lessons as Riria Kurusu.
It's because I was the former Cleaning Princess, Magical Lily...
⑳It seems like you think of me as an illusion of the past.⑳
⑳But if you ask me, it's totally the other way around!⑳
⑳You're just my dead skin.⑳
⑳Nasty, icky dead skin I haven't scrubbed away yet.⑳
⑳But I'm grateful to you. Since you went and got old in my place...⑳
⑳...I get to be ten years old forever and ever!⑳
⑳You're... You're nothing but a cast-off shell!⑳
⑳Fine. You want to be ten years old forever? So be it!⑳
⑳You can just stay in the world of five years ago and be Magical Lily as much as you like!⑳
⑳But this isn't your world! It's mine!⑳
⑳You're the shell I used to be! So go back to where you came from!⑳
⑳Aha!⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳What's so funny?!⑳
⑳Oh, nothing!⑳
⑳I just remembered that was how things were, that's all!⑳
⑳Huh? What are you talking about?⑳
⑳Nothing! Hee hee hee hee hee, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
Her sickening laugh lingered in my ears as she faded away like mist.
Just then, I felt the frozen air thaw.
Almost like time itself had been stopped and only now resumed its march.
...Everyone acknowledged my presence.
Their cheerful smiles were gone, replaced by confused stares in my direction.
⑳Riri...a?⑳
⑳Wh-What's gotten into you?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳Did you randomly flash back to something embarrassing?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳N-No. I'm sorry about that.⑳
To them, it must have looked like I'd been joking around one second, only to stand up and freeze completely still the next.
I sat back down in the seat Lily had taken from me.
...It was still warm.
It felt uncomfortable. Like someone else had just been sitting there.
...No, that wasn't true. I was just overthinking the matter.
That was just a delusion brought on by exhaustion. Another one of those bad daydreams I always got. That had to be it...
⑳Are you okay? Do you feel lightheaded?⑳
⑳No, I'm fine.⑳
⑳I'm just dizzy. I must have stood up too fast.⑳
⑳Okay guys, look, it'd be cool if we could do the whole Magical Lily concert at the shopping district thing, but we don't have the budget for that.⑳
⑳I'll get the money by whatever means necessary! I'll rob a bank if I have to!⑳
⑳We could just do a card game tournament with a cash prize.⑳
⑳That's perfect! The time to realize my great dream with my great deck is here at last!⑳
⑳Then a card game tournament where you can win money?⑳
⑳Yeah, let's go for something a bit more realistic, guys.⑳
⑳Good thinking. Something more realistic sounds nice...⑳
Magical Lily was dead. Gone for good.
Done and dusted. I didn't need her anymore.
I spent the rest of the time chatting with the LCSC, and before I knew it, it was time to go home.
The LCSC really was fun. It was so calm and peaceful.
But I'd had a horrible daydream for the first time in a while today.
I hoped the others didn't think poorly of me...
⑳I must be tired...⑳
⑳It's times like these where I need some beauty sleep.⑳
I pushed my bike out of the parking lot and headed home...
⑳...⑳
⑳Teasing her is well worth the effort.⑳
The plan was to go to bed early and wake up refreshed.
However, for some reason, my body was heavy, and it felt like I'd had a bad dream.
I was probably just exhausted to the core.
The world outside looked awfully grey, as if reflecting my own sluggish state.
...Did my alarm clock fail to wake me?
According to the clock, it was far later than when I usually had to get up.
It didn't seem like I'd have time to do my daily yoga before breakfast.
My mother had a performance coming up, so it seemed she'd spent the night at her studio.
It was common of her to stay there overnight when she was deep in her work, so this was hardly anything new.
Thus, my father usually made breakfast.
He was a general practitioner. As such, he was very picky about nutritional balance, and always readied meals with that in mind.
Not that I'd ever tell my mother this, but my father was probably the better cook.
She was a dedicated actress. She'd always say that time spent on housework was time better spent studying her roles.
In that sense, it was pretty unfair that she forced me to go through cooking classes.
Well, that was just how things were with my family.
My parents were both devoted to their respective professions.
We didn't usually hang out or take trips like the average family, but we all loved each other.
⑳Good morning, Dad.⑳
⑳Mmm.⑳
Dad was just about to leave.
In person, he was a man of few words, but in his texts, he was very friendly and cute.
⑳This morning was the worst. This might be the first time I've slept in so late.⑳
⑳...Really?⑳
Dad gave a curt response as he tied his shoes.
From the perspective of a doctor like him, waking up late might just be the body reacting to its desire for sleep.
Though he probably didn't care too much so long as I didn't miss school.
⑳Have a good day at work. Love you, Dad.⑳
⑳I love me too.⑳
⑳Pfft, hee hee! I'll text you later, okay?⑳
⑳Only when you're free.⑳
⑳You're one to talk, Dad.⑳
Dad had a habit of secretly reading texts from his beloved daughter even during checkups and sending responses in whatever openings he could find.
He may have been curt, but he loved me, and the feeling was mutual.
After saying goodbye to him, I turned around quickly.
It was a family rule that you couldn't skip breakfast under any circumstances.
I wanted to savor the taste but didn't have much time to spare.
Imagining what breakfast awaited me was my greatest pleasure of the morning.
I was sure it'd be a stack of salad. Dad was hardcore about vegetables.
⑳...⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
There was indeed a place set up for me at the table.
But there was no mouth-watering breakfast there.
All I found was a fork and dirty plate, covered with sauce and salad dressing.
My family had a policy of clearing your place as soon as you finished eating.
Leaving dirty dishes out on display like this never happened.
⑳Maybe Dad was in such a rush he forgot to clean up?⑳
That didn't seem right. He left the house as calmly as always.
Besides, if this was Dad's food... then where was mine?
⑳What happened to my breakfast?⑳
I checked the kitchen.
There was no food waiting for me there.
A plate and fork were in the sink. They appeared to be Dad's.
I was always supposed to clean our dishes before going to school each day.
Then was that really my food out in the dining room?
⑳What's going on...?⑳
I felt like someone was pulling a sick prank on me.
My dad wasn't the type to leave his dirty dishes at the table, nor forget to make breakfast for me.
Then whose food was this?
If it were mine... then I was the only one who could have eaten it.
⑳...Huh...?⑳
⑳Did I... really eat it?⑳
I wasn't hungry. In fact, if someone told me I'd already eaten, I might have even believed them.
Come to think of it... Dad seemed oddly curt when I saw him just now.
Normally, when I said good morning to him, he responded in kind.
But...
...what if that was the second time I'd said that to him this morning?
⑳...⑳
⑳Wh-What's going on? Am I in a horror movie or something?⑳
What, did I have a split personality who got up and ate before me?
Then did that mean these really were the remains of a breakfast I'd already eaten...?
⑳Okay, funny joke. You can come out now.⑳
⑳...⑳
I tried joking around... but no one would respond.
Because I was the only one here...
⑳Mmm...⑳
⑳Not again...⑳
It seemed my mind had jumped ahead again.
My usual bad daydreams were even worse than usual today.
It wasn't uncommon for me to be plagued with a weird daydream when I spaced out, only to snap out of it and find myself in a completely different location.
I'd gotten a detailed checkup to see if it were some kind of illness, but the results turned up nothing.
My mother urged me not to tell anyone about it because health concerns tended to reflect badly on auditions.
Apparently, she'd had similar problems as me when she was my age.
So I decided to take it easy on myself and go to the infirmary later.
Ms. Hinagata said that she was also prone to bad daydreams.
As such, she was the only one who understood my suffering.
Spacing out and feeling particularly sluggish, I managed to finally drag myself through the school gate.
⑳I need to get a hold of myself. It's not like I'm sick or anything.⑳
⑳I'll fall behind on my studies if I miss class over something like this.⑳
I was feeling down, but my body was still in good health.
I spurred myself onward up the stairs and finally arrived at my familiar classroom.
Homeroom hadn't started, yet the class was unusually lively with laughter this morning.
...Everyone was crowded around my desk.
What was going on? It was like someone was sitting in my place and the others were having a riot over what they had to say.
I checked to see who the center of attention was.
And when I saw her face... I gasped.
⑳Yep. But you gotta keep it secret, 'kay? If you don't, I'll get in big trouble!⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
It was her again...
Déjà vu. A forgotten daydream was now replaying before me.
Magical Lily was in my spot again...
She was sitting there like it were her own desk, chatting with the rest of the class.
Though that outfit was clearly not fit for school, no one found it strange.
They were all chatting with her as though they thought she was me...
⑳You're so funny, Nunokawa! Maybe I misjudged you!⑳
⑳Here I thought you were too out of our league to even try talking to!⑳
⑳Aw, that's so mean! You're gonna make me cry!⑳
⑳Tears are a big no no! Let's clean that frown up into a nice, sparkly smile!⑳
The class was in high spirits.
That, I could not let slide.
After all, Magical Lily was over for me, and this was school.
Though I might fool around and recite one of my old catchphrases every now and then, I generally tried to stay away from it.
I thought of it as my way of separating school from work, drawing the line between my public and private lives.
But the me over there didn't care about any of that.
She flaunted the character of Magical Lily and was sucking up to every last person there.
To me, it was beyond aggravating.
But the classmates loved it, and thought I was funny.
...So was Lily... who everyone really wanted?
Was it pointless of me to separate work from school?
⑳Uh-huh.⑳
⑳'Tee hee, I'm gonna study just as hard as I work!' Seriously, do you even listen to yourself?⑳
⑳No duh they'd get sick and tired of you.⑳
Time stood still. Lily stood up and faced me.
I tore a path through my classmates, still frozen in laughter, and got right up in her face.
⑳What's with you?! Quit butting into my life!⑳
⑳Are you trying to steal my world?! Well, it's not going to happen! Just go away already!⑳
⑳Your world's on the stage! And in the past, at that!⑳
⑳Oh really?⑳
⑳I'd say I'm doing pretty well on this stage too. Don't you think?⑳
⑳What?! That doesn't even make any sense! Just get lost!⑳
Lily smirked, then faded away.
The world suddenly began to move again at that moment.
I was surrounded by my laughing classmates.
⑳Hey Nunokawa, say the line! You know the one!⑳
⑳That magic you used to tidy up scattered toys! What was it called again?⑳
My classmates urged me to do my cleaning magic schtick with a gleam in their eyes.
When I was in a good mood, I'd play along and do it for them.
But right now, I was in no state of mind for any of that.
After all, this was school. I couldn't bring out my work self here.
No, that wasn't the issue!
Magical Lily was all in the past.
She couldn't be here anymore. So I'd have to let them all down.
⑳C'mon, do it, do it!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Nunokawa?⑳
⑳I'm sorry. I can't...⑳
My classmates looked puzzled by my sudden 180.
We were all having fun, and yet I ruined it all by being a total wet blanket.
I bit my lower lip as I quietly took my seat.
My classmates laughed awkwardly as they returned to their desks.
And waiting behind them... was Lily, smirking.
⑳See?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Everyone likes me better.⑳
⑳Not a single one of them...⑳
⑳...wants Riria Nunokawa, do they? Hee hee hee hee hee hee...⑳
...
...
⑳...⑳
All of a sudden, everyone burst into laughter.
They were looking at me as they laughed their guts out.
It was all so abrupt that I had no idea what they found so funny.
But they were all looking my way, so it must have been something to do with me.
Even the teacher was laughing. I was the only one out of the loop.
Why? What was going on?
It was like the teacher had called on me to read from the textbook, only to catch me completely flatfooted.
In actuality, I'd probably been spacing out.
After all, I didn't know what they were all laughing at.
⑳That was quite the performance, Nunokawa. Thank you for that.⑳
⑳Now class, settle down.⑳
The teacher merrily turned back to the blackboard and continued writing equations.
Did that mean I'd been asked a question and given an answer that made everyone else laugh?
Just then, I heard giggling.
Everyone else was too busy taking notes on the lecture. Only I heard it.
I knew who it was by now...
⑳You did something again, didn't you?⑳
⑳Heh heh!⑳
⑳No one cares about someone with their nose always stuck in a book like you.⑳
⑳They much prefer a lovable little rascal like me who shares her knowledge with everybody!⑳
⑳What are you talking about...?⑳
⑳Um, Nunokawa? Would you help me out with this part?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳Yep! Sure thing!⑳
That classmate had spoken not to me, but Lily.
She strutted around the classroom like she was the teacher, everyone calling to her one after another.
⑳U-Um, how do you do this?⑳
⑳Oh, this? Let's get rid of this x with cleaning magic first!⑳
⑳Can you help me too, Nunokawa?⑳
⑳You see, you take this x and y cubed part out of the parentheses and make 'em squeaky clean!⑳
⑳H-Holy crap! I just got tutored by a bonafide idol!⑳
⑳I've gotta tweet this the second I get home!⑳
⑳If you post about this on Twetter, I'll never be able to go back to this school!⑳
⑳And I wanna be in the same class as my big brothers and sisters forever!⑳
⑳So no tweeting about this, okay? Pretty please?!⑳
⑳O-Okay!⑳
I felt like I was going to be sick.
Did I really have split personalities?!
Was Lily taking over my body without my knowledge?!
⑳Huh... What...?⑳
My vision distorted, and a moment later, I found myself in a corner of the classroom.
Lily was sitting in my seat again.
That was right: I was standing where Lily had been just a second ago.
The surprise didn't end there. My hands were... were...
No, it wasn't just them. My feet—no, my whole body...
...was invisible?!
I swung my arms around in panic, but I couldn't touch anyone.
No one noticed my presence. I had vanished!
⑳I'm not your split personality. That'd be way too gross.⑳
⑳How many times do I have to tell you?⑳
⑳You're nothing more than dead skin. Just dried up old skin!⑳
⑳You're one to talk! I wiped myself clean of you years ago!⑳
⑳Nuh-uh. I'm not talking about the past. I'm talking about now.⑳
⑳Riria Nunokawa will get rid of the hideous, rotting husk known as Riria Kurusu...⑳
⑳...and be reborn as the eternal ten-year-old: the cute and lovable Magical Lily!⑳
⑳Y-You must be joking! I'm already in high school, you know!⑳
⑳You're telling me to be a grade school idol now?! No one would ever accept something so pathetic as that!⑳
⑳Really? But there are lots of idols who do that 'forever 17' thing! I think an idol with the eternal heart of a grade schooler would fly, don't you?!⑳
⑳Don't go telling me what's passable! Just get out of my life already!⑳
⑳No, I think you'll be getting out of mine. Ehee hee hee hee...⑳
⑳G-Give it back!⑳
No matter how much I swung my hand, I couldn't see it.
Lily was right. I was disappearing.
⑳You heard what the class was saying, right?⑳
⑳They all prefer me!⑳
⑳In fact...⑳
⑳Some of them were even saying that Riria Nunokawa is kinda scary and difficult to approach!⑳
⑳You really are funny, Nunokawa.⑳
⑳We figured you were the kind who looked down on plebs like us, but boy, were we wrong!⑳
⑳I wasn't super interested in idol stuff before, but I think you've made me a fan!⑳
⑳Y'see?⑳
⑳I'm the one they want.⑳
⑳So you're not needed, Riria Kurusu.⑳
⑳You talk about how wonderful the new Riria Kurusu is now that she's moved on from being the Cleaning Princess... but nobody wants that.⑳
⑳All they want is little old me!⑳
⑳The Cleaning Princess! Eternal Fourth Grader Magical Lily!⑳
I couldn't even reply.
Deep down, I'd already suspected—no, -known- she was right.
Everyone—from my fans, to the agency, to the rest of Flower High...
...only expected the former Magical Lily.
No one cared about Riria Kurusu...
I was the one who wasn't needed...
Nobody... wanted Riria Kurusu.
All anyone wanted... was for me to stay Magical Lily forever.
I looked like a monster compared to back then.
Just look at my long and gangly limbs. My fat and hideous breasts and rear. My former cuteness was absolutely nowhere to be found.
No one... would ever accept... a body like this.
Eventually, I went beyond invisible and became nothing but air...
I didn't even have eyes to shed tears anymore.
I was gradually losing the will to assert myself.
Before long, I became an observer, watching Lily as though she were on TV.
It all just seemed disconnected.
The sadness of being rejected, and the bitterness of being replaced... they all felt so distant...
I was glad I became air.
Otherwise, I probably would have cursed my body and clawed at it until it was no more.
I was glad I lost my eyes.
Because otherwise... I might have drowned in my own tears.
...
...
⑳Hey, Nunokawa? Would you like to have lunch together?⑳
⑳Oh, no need to be so formal! Just call me Lily!⑳
⑳Whoa, amazing! I didn't think your lunch would be so orthodox!⑳
⑳My daddy made this! 'Cause he loves me very much!⑳
⑳Oh, I wanna eat with Lily, too!⑳
⑳Me too, me too, me too!⑳
⑳Wow, I'm really Little Miss Popular, huh?⑳
⑳You musta thought I was really scary and distant, huh?!⑳
⑳I was so sure you didn't like us...⑳
⑳You're an idol and an honors student. We figured you wouldn't even have time for commoners like us!⑳
⑳That's not true! I'm friends with everyone!⑳
⑳You're a lot more cheerful now, Riria! It's like... you've got a major weight off your shoulders or something!⑳
⑳You used to be really hard to approach, but not anymore. This is really nice.⑳
⑳Ehee hee hee hee hee hee hee!⑳
Well? Did you hear that, Riria Kurusu?
Everyone thought you were looking down on them.
All that effort you were so proud of was totally useless.
To me, all that hard work you put in just makes you look cold.
Lily's gotta be pure, peppy, and popular with everyone!
Ehee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee...
...
⑳Great! I finally got the card I wanted so bad!⑳
⑳Is it one of those ultra super-rare ones?⑳
⑳Beyond that! It's a super special mega maximum rare great card that was only given out in old events!⑳
⑳Oh, you think I could make a quick buck off of it? Lemme see!⑳
⑳Huh? It's a Magical Lily card!⑳
⑳It's the legendary limited-edition card distributed only at Magical Lily collaboration events!⑳
⑳All that money I saved up from family get-togethers has paid off! It's mine now!⑳
⑳The rest of the customers looked so jealous when the cashier opened the showcase! Mmmmm, greaaaaaat!⑳
⑳Oh right, I almost forgot we did one of those.⑳
⑳I was really busy, so I didn't know much about what was going on!⑳
⑳Ri-Riria! Please, I beg you, sign this for me!⑳
⑳You betcha! What should I sign it as?⑳
⑳Riria Kurusu? Of course not. You want Magical Lily, right?⑳
⑳Oh, yes! Oh, yes! Magical Lily, please!⑳
Atsuta sure was devoted to Lily.
He didn't see trash like me. It's like all he ever saw was her...
I'd been invisible for a long time now. It didn't all happen today.
I just hadn't realized it until now...
⑳Riria?⑳
...Huh?
⑳What's wrong? Aren't you going in?⑳
Susuhara noticed me staring blankly at the others enjoying themselves.
⑳You can see me...?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳Can you see me?⑳
⑳Well, yeah, but...⑳
⑳What's wrong? You look so lonely.⑳
⑳You're coming to club, right? Let's go join the others.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I-I'll pass.⑳
⑳I'm not the one... they want to see...⑳
Everyone in the LCSC was chatting happily with Lily.
They'd all passed right by without even noticing me.
⑳How are you able to see me?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I'm not really sure, but...⑳
⑳Ever since I first met you... I could see the both of you.⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳I thought it was strange when I saw you and a little girl constantly trading places when we were with the others.⑳
So Susuhara had seen everything from the start.
He'd noticed Lily when even I hadn't.
⑳Susu...hara...⑳
⑳What's wrong? Don't cry.⑳
⑳*sob* *sob* *sob*⑳
⑳I'm not needed...⑳
⑳No one... needs me... *sob* *sob*⑳
I buried my face in Susuhara's chest and cried.
Invisible as I was, no one else could hear my cries.
And so they all just chattered on in the clubroom.
But Susuhara could hear me. He accepted me entirely.
He really was special...
I'd always felt there was something different about him.
He was the only one who accepted Riria Kurusu—the real me.
⑳Hee hee hee hee hee hee, how fragile they are...⑳
⑳Ensnaring your soul will be but a trifle.⑳
⑳Give your heart and body to my shadow of Suzumu Susuhara...⑳
⑳And once you do, your body will be completely mine.⑳
⑳Then all that will remain is to use this body to ensnare the real Suzumu Susuhara.⑳
⑳Rejoice, Riria Nunokawa. I'll let you be with Susuhara for the rest of your life. Exactly as you wish.⑳
(Once I acquire his soot, none of my sisters will be able to complain...)
(I shall be the one to bring peace to Brother's soul.)
(Hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee...)
⑳Subjective doubles syndrome?⑳
⑳Correct. In ancient times, they also called it 'shadow sickness.'⑳
⑳One's 'shadow.' In other words, their other self.⑳
⑳There are ghost stories passed down all around the world about how you'll die if you meet your other self.⑳
⑳As in... your doppelganger.⑳
⑳That's what they're called in the West. But in ancient Japan, they were thought to be the you that sleepwalked.⑳
⑳And Riria has subjective doubles syndrome?⑳
⑳As I told you before, I believe the cursed soot feeds off mental trauma.⑳
⑳But Nunokawa has been cruising by in school and work, and she says she doesn't think there's anything troubling her.⑳
⑳It's not rare to be unaware of your own mental trauma.⑳
⑳But you see, she's had a bit of a history with psychotherapy.⑳
⑳Like the kind where they hypnotize you with a pendulum?⑳
⑳You're not too far off. Anyway, as a result, I learned something really interesting.⑳
⑳Her hauntings often take the form of a child version of herself that taunts her and drives her to the wall.⑳
⑳That's probably her mental trauma.⑳
⑳She must feel like she can't separate her current self from her grade school idol self, when she was at the peak of her popularity.⑳
⑳I thought she was still popular now?⑳
⑳It may look that way to us, but the truth is a bit more complicated.⑳
⑳Her current popularity appears to lack the feverish pitch from back then.⑳
⑳Perhaps she's only popular now because she used to be Magical Lily...⑳
⑳She grew up and became a very beautiful adolescent woman.⑳
⑳But she doesn't look at all like she used to anymore.⑳
⑳So even though she's no longer Magical Lily, everyone wishes she could be?⑳
⑳I think that's how she feels. It's so tragic.⑳
⑳In many cases, our youth is the peak of our long lives.⑳
⑳After that, things slowly move downhill with time and age.⑳
⑳So even in old age, we can look back on those peaks fondly.⑳
⑳But Riria's in a position that takes most people decades to reach...⑳
⑳That's right. Her whole world has changed in just a few years.⑳
⑳...⑳
Everyone becomes sad about losing their youth and getting old.
But it's not like they age rapidly. It takes decades, allowing them plenty of time to come to peace with it.
But Riria had experienced that in barely 10⑲ of the time it normally takes.
It was like she was Rip van Winkle, aging decades in what felt like the blink of an eye.
⑳I can't stand the way modern society puts child idols on pedestals.⑳
⑳It forces them to reach the peak of their lives far too early, only to end it in the blink of an eye, leaving them self-loathing messes for the rest of their lives...⑳
⑳I think she's a victim of that culture.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳But I don't think she feels that way.⑳
⑳She's so strong to power through all that.⑳
⑳You're right...⑳
⑳I know she's a hard worker.⑳
⑳She doesn't cut corners for anything, whether it's studying or practice.⑳
⑳I don't think there's any way her efforts would go unnoticed.⑳
⑳Maybe the only reason they let her join that Flower High School group was because she's the former Magical Lily.⑳
⑳But now, I believe everyone will realize how brilliant Riria Kurusu is as her very own person.⑳
⑳...I hope so.⑳
Somewhat reluctantly, Ms. Hinagata took out her phone.
After tapping it for a while, she showed me the screen.
⑳What's this?⑳
⑳I don't have time to explain it, but it's essentially a place where insensitive people are free to spew out whatever nasty thoughts they may have.⑳
⑳...⑳
Farewell Magical Lily Memorial Service Part 24 [My Waifu] (940)
I'm Sick of Riria Club→ (841)
Riria Kurusu Is Ruining Flower High's Image [31st Performance] (619)
Remove Riria Kurusu from Flower High Petition Part 6 (897)
⑳This is horrible...⑳
⑳The brighter one shines, the darker the shadow.⑳
⑳For as many passionate fans she has, she has an equal number of critics.⑳
The thread titles alone made me want to look away.
If it was hurting -me- that much just to look at it...
⑳She knows about all this.⑳
⑳To make things worse, she looks at them every time she finishes a gig.⑳
⑳Why?⑳
⑳It's only going to hurt her to look at them.⑳
⑳It seems she has a pet theory that idols turn criticism into strength.⑳
⑳She probably believes that people will eventually recognize how hard she's worked.⑳
⑳So she keeps checking, hoping with all her heart to find those who do.⑳
⑳You mean she looks at this every day?⑳
⑳I keep telling her to stop, but she never listens...⑳
In between lessons and before she went to bed, she would check rumors on the internet like it was a drug.
She kept looking day after day, believing that the countless slanders would eventually turn to praise.
This was poison. A poison of the heart.
If it were only a little, then perhaps it could be the invigorating spark to turn that criticism into strength, just like she said.
But this was too much.
I continued scrolling down the screen, but the hurtful comments just kept going on...
⑳...⑳
⑳Those emotional scars gathered and took the form of Magical Lily.⑳
⑳Deep down, she sees it as her other self, and fears that Magical Lily is someone split off from her entirely.⑳
⑳And that one day, Lily will finally destroy her and take her place.⑳
⑳She sees her other self as an omen that Magical Lily will appear...⑳
⑳That's subjective doubles syndrome.⑳
⑳Old superstition says that if you ever meet your other self, it's a sign you will die soon. That's the curse that's afflicting her.⑳
Shrill laughter seeped out of the clubroom.
Riria was laughing... but it probably wasn't the real her.
⑳You got it! If I ask the agency, I'm sure they'll give me some more!⑳
⑳Then I'll have lots and lots of Magical Lily cards to give to my faaaavorite big brother!⑳
⑳Wooooooooooooooooooooooooo! Greaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
⑳Hey, don't go spoiling the guy too much.⑳
⑳I know, I know! Ehee hee hee hee hee hee!⑳
⑳Oh, Suzumu, welcome back. Where's Ms. Hinagata?⑳
⑳She'll be here soon.⑳
⑳It's Suzumu! I'm so glad my favoritest big brother is here now!⑳
⑳Ooh, going straight for the kill, are we?⑳
⑳What do you mean, favoritest?! Aren't I your favorite?! What does it mean?! Ungreaaaaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
⑳It's okay! You're still my favorite! Just not my favoritest!⑳
⑳Then it's okay! Greaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
⑳Man, you're easy to please. Aha ha...⑳
⑳Huh? Suzumu?⑳
⑳Say, Riria?⑳
⑳What's the matter, my favoritest brother?⑳
⑳I think you should be Riria Nunokawa at school.⑳
⑳Acting like Magical Lily is cute and all... but it's not who you are here.⑳
⑳I think it's okay from time to time...⑳
⑳But I think you should rein it in a little at school.⑳
⑳Whoa there, Susuhara, don't be a party pooper.⑳
⑳We were just messing around a little, that's all. Right, Riria?⑳
⑳That's right, Mr. Favorite!⑳
⑳...⑳
As I passed by her, I whispered something only she could hear.
⑳Magical Lily is long gone.⑳
⑳So please, make room for Riria Nunokawa and Riria Kurusu, will you?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You're not making any sense, Suzumu.⑳
⑳What's wrong, Suzumu?⑳
⑳This isn't like you. I guess even you can get grumpy from time to time.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Hee hee...⑳
(Accursed Suzumu Susuhara...)
(Do you see right through me? A man-demon like yourself actually recognized me for who I am?)
(No, he must be bluffing.)
⑳Curse you, descendant of Mutsu. I suppose it is no wonder we have been linked for a thousand years.⑳
⑳But no matter how perceptive you may be, there is nothing you can do. Heh heh heh heh heh heh...⑳
⑳Deep down...⑳
⑳I probably realized it long ago and was only pretending I hadn't.⑳
⑳I really did lose everything when I stopped being the Cleaning Princess.⑳
⑳But I acted like I hadn't.⑳
⑳I was only deluding myself by thinking I could get it all back if I kept working hard...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Effort is such a beautiful thing, isn't it?⑳
⑳But beauty can't solve everything.⑳
⑳...Heh.⑳
⑳Maybe you're right.⑳
Effort was like fireworks.
They were beautiful for a single moment, only to leave nothing behind.
The notion you could succeed by continuously putting in effort was all an illusion.
Susuhara and I were nestling together in the plain of snowing soot.
Susuhara gently wrapped his arm around my shoulders.
⑳But no matter how transient fireworks may be...⑳
⑳...that instant remains with me for all eternity.⑳
⑳Susuhara...⑳
⑳I don't mind if I'm nothing more than a momentary firework.⑳
⑳Not as long as I can stay in your heart forever.⑳
⑳But... truth be told, I feel so much freer because of her.⑳
⑳Who are you talking about?⑳
⑳Lily. Magical Lily.⑳
⑳I might've been pretty mean about it...⑳
⑳...but I had to tell you the truth.⑳
⑳Lily...⑳
⑳No one wants Riria Kurusu.⑳
⑳Those pigs will always want the ten-year-old me, no matter how many years pass.⑳
⑳They don't care how hard you try—how many tears you shed.⑳
⑳You're right.⑳
⑳I knew it all along...⑳
⑳You just played the villain in order to tell me that.⑳
⑳Thank you...⑳
⑳I wouldn't have realized the truth if it weren't for you...⑳
I was weeping, yet I had a smile on my face.
I must have looked so pathetic.
⑳Don't cry.⑳
⑳Even if nobody else wants you, I'll always be by your side.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You're just my dead skin.⑳
⑳I'm going to take over, and everyone will forget about you.⑳
⑳But you're lucky. You came across a miracle. A miracle named Suzumu Susuhara.⑳
⑳Susu...hara...⑳
⑳I don't see Lily when I look at you. Just Riria Kurusu.⑳
⑳He's not looking at me at all. He's looking right at you.⑳
⑳So I figured now was the perfect time to wake up.⑳
⑳Lily...⑳
⑳You will vanish, Riria Kurusu.⑳
⑳But you'll live forever in his heart.⑳
⑳Are you okay with that?⑳
⑳Of course I am.⑳
⑳He cares about me when no one else will.⑳
⑳I couldn't ask for any better... *sniff*⑳
⑳It's strange. I should be happy, but I can't stop crying.⑳
⑳Riria...⑳
Susuhara strengthened his grip around me a little.
My heart felt like it was soaring.
⑳I will take in all your sorrow as my own for the rest of my life.⑳
⑳So let's stay together... for all eternity.⑳
⑳Y-Yes...⑳
Susuhara's face closed in. My heart felt like it was going to burst.
Our noses were practically touching. I could see myself in his eyes.
They suddenly glowed scarlet.
Just then, I suddenly felt drowsy.
(I'll... give myself to Susuhara... right now...)
(I'm a little nervous... but I'm so happy...)
⑳Riria...⑳
My mind went blank as he placed a hand on my cheek. I could hardly breathe.
⑳Y-Yes?⑳
⑳Give me everything you are...⑳
⑳All... right...⑳
⑳I'll give it all...⑳
⑳...to you...⑳
⑳I'm so happy, Riria.⑳
Susuhara slowly took his palm off my cheek... and placed it over my stomach.
I shouldn't have been able to feel anything, and yet that gesture sent my heart skyrocketing and my lungs into lockdown.
Susuhara smiled a bit impishly when he saw the look on my face.
Next... he slowly rolled up my vest and blouse.
My navel was exposed in but a few seconds.
Even so, he kept going, exposing my upper skin and just a glimpse of the lace of my bra.
My mind was completely blank by this point.
I'd said I'd give him everything, but I couldn't imagine I'd already be feeling so nervous after just this.
⑳Don't be embarrassed.⑳
⑳You're very pretty...⑳
⑳Mmm...⑳
Susuhara was simply pressing against my stomach, yet I felt like I was sinking deep into an angel's bed.
My strength faded away, leaving me limp like a stringless marionette.
⑳Don't be scared.⑳
N-No, I could never be scared of Susuhara...
After all, my mind was completely blank...
I heard a groan.
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳You don't have to be scared. Leave it to me...⑳
⑳Mmmmhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
I jolted.
Susuhara's hand was in me...
Not metaphorically. Literally.
His hand had completely sunk into my stomach, like it was made of clay.
I couldn't believe my eyes.
I froze up completely. I couldn't breathe.
But Susuhara smiled kindly and whispered into my ear.
⑳Don't worry. There's nothing to be scared of.⑳
⑳Eee, aaah, mmmmmmmhnnnnn!⑳
Susuhara groped my innards, sending electricity surging through my body as though it were a caress.
Rapture numbed my spine.
I gasped and salivated before a pleasure unlike any I'd ever felt before.
⑳Aaaaaaah... nghhhh...⑳
⑳Don't be scared. Just give yourself to me...⑳
⑳N-No... I can barely breathe...⑳
⑳If you do that again... I'll suffo—⑳
⑳Mhhhnnnnnnnnnnnn, aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
I moaned unbecomingly as my whole body twitched.
So this was how it felt... to trust someone with everything...
⑳This is the spot, right?⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaah!⑳
His fingers traced behind my liver...
...and squeezed my tiny little gallbladder...
⑳N-No, not there! I'll die! That'll kill me!⑳
⑳It's all right. Just feel it...⑳
⑳Mmmmmmhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
Surges of pleasure fried my brain.
I leaked saliva and tears as yellow bile gushed from the opening of my stomach to my intestines.
I floated in a sea of this mysterious secretion and entrails.
My face warped with euphoria as I panted, immersed in the afterglow of the unknown pleasure.
⑳*pant* *pant*⑳
⑳Whew...⑳
I gave everything I had inside to Susuhara.
And this bliss... was the proof of it.
Joy and satisfaction without equal took the place of the pleasure that'd struck like lightning.
Though red entrails were pouring out of my stomach, it didn't bother me at all.
The warmth and tenderness of them were lovelier than anything else.
⑳Will you do the same for me...⑳
⑳...this time?⑳
⑳Yes, Susuhara!⑳
I wasn't just receiving his love. He wanted to feel the same.
I awkwardly undid the buttons on his shirt.
This was the first time I'd ever done that for a man.
I was still a bit nervous, but the afterglow of my pleasure vastly outweighed it.
⑳L-Like this?⑳
⑳Yes...⑳
⑳Now... just reach in...⑳
⑳Mmm...⑳
My arm sunk smoothly into Susuhara's body.
It was gooey, gentle, and warm on the inside.
Almost like I'd go to heaven if I was sucked in entirely...
⑳It's so warm inside you...⑳
⑳Same with you...⑳
⑳Mmm...⑳
Susuhara must have been enduring the same surges of pleasure as me.
My heart seized up with every little cute moan he let loose.
⑳Wh-What do I do now?⑳
⑳Don't worry about it.⑳
⑳Just try moving... however feels natural...⑳
⑳Mmmnhhhh!⑳
I groped Susuhara's innards.
Feeling his warm entrails and blood vessels quivering in my grasp gave me a sense of superiority—like I controlled him completely.
Susuhara gasped like a baby every time I touched or tickled his entrails.
I just couldn't get enough of it. It was lovely beyond compare.
Having my fingers literally wrapped around him gave me the pleasure of absolute domination.
I felt a twinge of mischief stirring in my heart.
Much like how I only had him...
...I wanted Susuhara to only have me.
I wanted to teach him the pleasure he'd introduced me to.
To make him a slave to that pleasure. To charm him until I was all he ever thought about.
⑳Ehee hee hee, you're good at this, Riria!⑳
⑳But you can go a bit rougher on him!⑳
⑳Boys like a little bit of spice with their sugar from time to time.⑳
All that mattered to me was pleasing Susuhara. I decided to take Lily's advice and gripped harder.
⑳Mmm, mmmmmmmmmmmm!⑳
There was a rumble.
Susuhara threw his head far back as convulsing organs emerged from his stomach.
The two of us became entangled as we were smeared by each other's blood and gore.
At that moment, they looked so wondrous, so alluring.
⑳They say guys' intestines gradually rise up when they feel pleasure.⑳
⑳Then that means Susuhara's enjoying this?⑳
⑳Uh-huh! Just look at that!⑳
There was a dusky clump amidst all the viscera.
The way it shone and quivered was oh-so-adorable.
⑳Look at how they're twitching...⑳
⑳These are Suzumu Susuhara's very own guts!⑳
⑳His guts?⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳Ri-Riria... Mmmm, aaaaah!⑳
Susuhara was hoping for something, and I wanted to give it to him. What was I to do?
Something gushed out of Susuhara's liver with a hiss.
It was a dark, muddy substance.
⑳Ehee hee hee hee hee. That's the extract of Suzumu Susuhara's guts.⑳
⑳Y'see, when you drink that up...⑳
⑳...boys go right to heaven!⑳
⑳Susu...hara...⑳
⑳Now's your turn to show him pleasure he'll never forget.⑳
⑳Make Suzumu Susuhara's heart and body yours and yours alone!⑳
Susuhara and I panted rapidly.
Our breaths were growing shallower.
This would make Susuhara feel good?
And then he'd be mine and mine alone?
Susuhara...
⑳Mllln...⑳
⑳Mmm... *cough* *cough* *cough*⑳
It was bitter and salty, and churned my stomach.
But I wanted to give my entirety to Susuhara...
So I wanted him to do the same for me.
Thus, I drank it all up.
When he saw me guzzling down that syrupy extract, Susuhara threw his head back and trembled.
He twitched in the sea of his own entrails as jubilation sculpted his features.
I was thrilled to know I'd given him such unimaginable pleasure.
I wiped my mouth to find a sticky, sooty liquid stuck to it.
I licked it up as though it were the finest delicacy there was.
My heart burst with love for Susuhara.
From then on, whenever his liver grew plump with that extract...
...I would always drink all of it up.
At first, I hated its bitter taste, but when I realized it was Susuhara's, it seemed so lovely.
The way it twitched was so cute, and the more I drank of it, the more I wanted to tease him.
(Susuhara...)
(I swear I'll always make you feel this good.)
(So please... stay with me forever...)
⑳Susu...hara?⑳
⑳That was actually Suzumu Susuhara's shadow.⑳
⑳His... shadow?⑳
⑳That was an excellent dress rehearsal, Riria.⑳
⑳Now go and guide the real Suzumu here.⑳
⑳No one will interfere, if you're in the dorm.⑳
⑳You can share your love for each other as long as you want.⑳
⑳Share our love...⑳
⑳Suzumu Susuhara is at the LCSC. Go and bring him back here.⑳
⑳And once you do... drink up all the soot his guts have to offer...⑳
⑳Send him writhing in pleasure and make him yours and yours alone.⑳
That was the sole way to make the only one in the world who could see me stay with me forever...
...Riria's eyes lost all light, and she staggered out of the dorm.
Her target was the LCSC clubroom.
She would bring back Suzumu, slice open his stomach, and drink the soot from his guts.
⑳Hee hee hee hee hee hee hee...⑳
⑳Now all I have to do is wait for my moment to feast.⑳
Riria was already an extension of myself, at this point.
She merely had to call Suzumu Susuhara over, tear out his guts, and take all his soot.
My sisters couldn't complain about that. I was the most suitable one to bring about the calamity.
I would be the one to bring peace to Brother's soul. Hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee...
⑳I must say though, these man-demons certainly are gullible.⑳
⑳To think they'll give their hearts up so easily to a mere shadow of their beloved.⑳
⑳Heh...⑳
⑳Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh...⑳
The shadow of Suzumu smirked maliciously.
Though a perfect replica of Suzumu on the outside, he couldn't be any more different under the surface.
In reality, he was merely an aggregation of malevolent spirits gathered and merged by the divine curse.
⑳The doppelganger. Meet your other self, and you are cursed to die.⑳
⑳Riria... Your fate was decided the moment we met.⑳
⑳As for you, Suzumu Susuhara...⑳
⑳Your shadow awaits here as well.⑳
⑳Oh, I want it... I want it, I want it...⑳
⑳My envy of the warmth of the living is driving me insane...⑳
⑳Soon, we shall drag out his guts and leave him naught but a living corpse.⑳
⑳Savor his living warmth as much as you please and teach him the freezing chill of the underworld as you send him to his grave.⑳
⑳Oh, I want it... I want it... Heh heh heh heh!⑳
Nothing about Riria seemed off to anyone who passed her in the hallway.
Her eyes were gleaming brilliantly, her every step brimming with confidence.
But things were completely different on the inside.
She had been completely possessed by the divine curse.
But none would ever pick up on that, of course.
⑳I wonder if Susuhara's still in the clubroom...⑳
⑳Will his heart skip a beat when he hears I want to speak to him in private?⑳
Riria giggled.
The power of the divine curse dwelled in her hand.
If she touched someone on the nape of their neck, the curse would flood into them.
Then their soul would be sealed in darkness and be turned into a living puppet at the divine curse's beck and call.
After that, the brainwashed Suzumu would do what Riria asked and march toward his own execution...
⑳Oh, Suzumu? He just went to the bathroom.⑳
⑳Thank you.⑳
⑳Oh? You gonna barge in on him while he's going to the bathroom? Damn, talk about bold, Lilian!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Found you...⑳
⑳Hmm? Riria?⑳
⑳Susu...hara...⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
Riria's eyes flashed scarlet for a moment.
The curse's power coursed through her palm.
⑳Um... Susuhara?⑳
⑳Yes?⑳
⑳Um... I was hoping I could ask for some advice.⑳
⑳Sure, if you think I can help.⑳
⑳I'm so glad to hear that. Also, um...⑳
⑳I'd like to ask you in private... if possible.⑳
⑳Then why don't you call me tonight?⑳
⑳No. It has to be in person, if that's all right with you.⑳
⑳Okay, sure. When?⑳
⑳Um, if it's not too much trouble, right now.⑳
⑳That's fine with me, but there's not exactly a lot of privacy around here.⑳
⑳Oh, don't worry about that. I already found us a good place.⑳
⑳You mean in the school?⑳
⑳Yes. We'll have total privacy if we go to the dorms.⑳
⑳There aren't any clubs there right now, so it's perfect.⑳
⑳But won't it be locked, then?⑳
Though Suzumu appeared thickheaded, even he was noticing how off this sounded.
He seemed somewhat suspicious of Riria's sudden request.
But Riria slowly snaked her arm around his back.
Like a reptile soundlessly approaching its prey.
And then... she made her strike.
⑳Riria...?⑳
Suzumu's body twitched the moment Riria touched the back of his neck.
After convulsing for a while, he stared blankly at the ceiling, his mouth agape.
⑳Susuhara.⑳
⑳Let's go to the dorm.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳O...kay...⑳
Suzumu nodded and did as he was told.
Riria coaxed him gently and took his hand in hers.
Almost as though she were a nurse guiding a patient of unsound mind.
Suzumu's eyes were devoid of light. He was already a living puppet.
⑳I'm going to do something you'll really like...⑳
⑳It's pretty embarrassing, honestly.⑳
⑳But if it means I can make you feel good... I'll do my best.⑳
⑳I'll take all those bitter, salty juices you have pent-up...⑳
⑳...and drink every last drop of them, okay?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳O...kay...⑳
Riria entered the dorm with Suzumu and locked the door behind her.
Thanks to the power of the divine curse, no one else would be capable of entering the dorm now.
⑳Nobody will bother us here.⑳
⑳O...kay...⑳
The room had already transformed into another world, connecting the human realm and the realm of those not human.
Once Suzumu entered the room and shut the door, the scenery warped.
A fell whirlwind engulfed the room, staining everything in sight pitch-black.
The area transfigured into a snowfield of falling soot in the blink of an eye.
⑳Heh heh heh heh...⑳
⑳So not even Suzumu Susuhara can do anything before my curse.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Heh heh heh, how I want it...⑳
⑳I want your living warmth...⑳
⑳You may do with him as you please once his guts have been removed.⑳
⑳But first, allow this girl to indulge in his body.⑳
⑳Ehee hee hee...⑳
⑳Susu...hara...⑳
⑳The time has come, Riria.⑳
⑳Now is the hour where you will make him yours...⑳
⑳Soon, you will be reduced to dead skin—washed away without a trace. But you can live forever by earning his eternal affection...⑳
Riria's palm shone ominously.
She slowly reached out for Suzumu.
She undid his buttons, exposing his bare chest.
No human could resist the gift of pleasure not of this world.
Riria brought her hand toward Suzumu's stomach, her fingers wriggling obscenely...
...but just as she was about to touch it, her arm stopped.
For Suzumu had it locked tight in his grasp.
⑳What?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You've been suffering in silence for too long, Riria.⑳
⑳If I can save you from that...⑳
⑳...then I'll do it. No matter what.⑳
⑳...⑳
Suzumu's eyes regained their fierce shine.
The divine curse couldn't believe what she was seeing.
⑳Impossible... You're supposed to be a living puppet!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳When Riria brought her hand to me...⑳
⑳...sorrow beyond compare—her loneliness—coursed into me.⑳
⑳Susu...hara...⑳
⑳I want to share those feelings.⑳
⑳I want her pain to become my own.⑳
⑳And so I willingly received your so-called curse.⑳
⑳Y-You mean... you let it happen on purpose?⑳
⑳Being human means bearing sorrow. No exceptions.⑳
⑳But we humans have the strength to march onwards in spite of that.⑳
⑳Riria, your strength is beautiful.⑳
⑳I...⑳
⑳Huh? What? Where am I...?⑳
Riria was gradually released from the curse.
The divine curse herself was rendered speechless. All her plans had come to ruin.
⑳Wh-Where are we? Why are there two of you? Is that Magical Lily? Huh? Huh?⑳
⑳Don't panic. I think we're in your mental world.⑳
⑳And I'm the real Suzumu Susuhara, while those two are manifestations of a malicious curse who chose to impersonate us.⑳
⑳Ughh...⑳
⑳You filth... What are you?⑳
⑳But there is something I am grateful to you for, divine curse.⑳
⑳Did you say... grateful?⑳
⑳Thank you for allowing me to understand Riria's sorrow.⑳
⑳Susuhara...⑳
⑳Thanks to the two of you...⑳
⑳...I now know just how much solitude and sorrow she has endured, and how brightly she's burned all the same.⑳
⑳What's more... I feel rage.⑳
⑳Rage for you shattering her strength, pouring salt in her emotional scars over and over again...⑳
⑳...and for crushing her heart to make her a pawn in your twisted game.⑳
⑳Ghh... ghhhhhh...⑳
⑳That was already far too cruel. But the one thing I cannot forgive...⑳
⑳...is how you used my face because she saw hope in me!⑳
⑳And so, this fist is my gratitude, and my rage!⑳
Suzumu lowered his hips and readied his fist.
There was no mistaking it. That was the fist of the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style, which was to be offered unto God.
The power to crush evil dedicated to God for a thousand years became a whirlwind and burst out all over Suzumu's body.
⑳Y-You took my curse willingly just so you could learn of her sorrow?!⑳
⑳Yet you managed to retain your self in spite of that?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You filth... Y-You can't possibly be a mere human!⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaah, I want it! I want it so badly!⑳
⑳I want your living radiance!⑳
⑳You took on my appearance and hurt her.⑳
⑳You'll pay for that, mark my words!⑳
⑳I want it... I want it, I want it!⑳
The thing disguised as Suzumu distorted ominously in the face of that sheer power.
Normally, residents of the mortal realm had no means of physically interacting with evil spirits.
But here, they could be touched and killed.
In this world, it was possible for humans to feel the utter malice these evil spirits possessed.
Raising a cry that rent the soul, that creature of malice charged straight at Suzumu.
Swiftly enough to outpace one's shadow—a speed no human could possibly follow with their eyes.
Suzumu couldn't see it either.
No—its movements were beneath his notice.
Suzumu had constantly dedicated his fist to God before giant trees or bells.
With his eyes widened and his mind honed to its limits, the speed of a wholly evil presence...
...was no different than the immobile trees Suzumu used in his training!
⑳Hajakensho.⑳
⑳Crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path.⑳
⑳Ghh...⑳
[Shadow]
⑳Gaaaaaagh... aaaaaaaaaaaghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
The evil spirits taking Suzumu's form turned to soot and scattered across the pitch-black snowfield.
Much like evil spirits could directly exert their malice on humans in this realm, so too could humans directly exert their strength on them.
Suzumu had crushed them in just one punch.
The divine curse was stunned at Suzumu's composure. It was enough to make her tremble.
⑳Wh-What in the world are you...?⑳
⑳That fist was of anger.⑳
⑳For you, I offer up a fist of gratitude.⑳
⑳Impossible...⑳
⑳A man-demon like you is grateful to me?!⑳
⑳Y-You intend to strike a divine curse?!⑳
⑳Su-Susuhara...⑳
⑳I'm sorry, Riria.⑳
⑳I know Magical Lily is the other you.⑳
⑳So please, forgive me for punching her.⑳
⑳...Do it.⑳
⑳Strike her... Strike Magical Lily down! Erase her from my world!⑳
⑳Hajakensho—crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path.⑳
⑳Ha, ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳Scoundrel! You will not cower before a divine curse?! Then I dare you to strike me!⑳
⑳We shall see which one of us breaks!⑳
⑳Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳Ughhh... ghh...⑳
Riria moaned in agony as she fell to her knees.
Suzumu halted his punch and pulled back as soon as he realized what'd happened.
Had he continued and struck the divine curse with all his might, he might have destroyed Riria from the inside out...
⑳R-Riria...⑳
⑳Ughhhhh... *cough*⑳
⑳Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh...⑳
⑳Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳Foolish man-demon. It seems you've made a miscalculation.⑳
⑳I see. So you're not just taking on Riria—Magical Lily's appearance...⑳
⑳Riria and I are one and the same! To strike me means striking her!⑳
⑳Yet she still asked you to erase me from her world? Foolish girl!⑳
⑳Ughhh, ughhhh...⑳
⑳Get lost, you usurper...⑳
⑳Get out of my life!⑳
⑳Goodness me. This may be against the terms of our agreement, but I cannot abide by such verbal abuse.⑳
⑳I shall return your lost memories.⑳
⑳Now remember, Riria. Remember when you quit being Magical Lily and lost everything.⑳
A black blizzard engulfed Riria and Suzumu.
It called back her sealed memories.
⑳I want it back! I want to be Magical Lily again!⑳
⑳I hate this body! I want my adorable, dainty little body back again!⑳
On the day she made that heartfelt cry, the divine curse appeared to her and whispered thus:
⑳I will grant your wish if you give me your soul.⑳
⑳Then you can have your old body again. It shall be as simple as washing away dead skin.⑳
⑳However, you shall lose your appearance and your soul.⑳
⑳Furthermore, you will lose your memories of making this pact with me. Do we still have an accord?⑳
⑳I'll give you anything you want, even my soul!⑳
⑳Just erase me! Let me be reborn as Magical Lily!⑳
⑳I am who you wished to be!⑳
⑳And in due time, you shall be washed away and vanish from the real world like the filth you are.⑳
⑳Then I shall be all that remains! Rejoice, Riria! Your wish will soon come true!⑳
⑳No... It can't be!⑳
⑳I wished for you...?⑳
⑳That's impossible... I wouldn't...⑳
⑳...⑳
Suzumu's forehead beaded with sweat.
Though he was calm and collected, he didn't know how he could turn the situation around.
The divine curse represented by Lily's appearance was the one eating away at Riria.
However, she was also Riria herself.
Just like she'd said, punching her would mean punching Riria.
In other words, he couldn't strike her.
⑳Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh, it would appear you finally understand, Suzumu Susuhara.⑳
⑳I will admit I was surprised by how easily your power repelled my curse.⑳
⑳I now see those thousand years were not spent in indolence.⑳
⑳You appear to have acquired a fist to strike gods... but it was all wasted effort!⑳
⑳I am Lily—her other self! To strike me is to strike her, Suzumu Susuhara!⑳
⑳...⑳
She was right. Suzumu could never choose to destroy the divine curse if it meant punching Riria.
He had to strike the divine curse to save her, but he couldn't do that if it resulted in Riria's own death, too.
Sweat dripped down Suzumu's face.
Upon seeing this, the divine curse realized Suzumu had hit a dead end.
⑳This has been enough entertainment to compensate for a boring millennium.⑳
⑳What say we put an end to this farce right here and now?⑳
The doe raised her palm to the heavens, and a moment later, a twisted lump of metal sprouted out from it.
It was a hammer.
A giant hammer ominously coated in faded blood.
⑳I'll smash and grind your flesh and entrails to pieces... with this!⑳
⑳Then, once I have taken your guts, I'll mix the two of you into a steamed bun and eat you both up!⑳
The giant hammer struck the ground like lightning.
Suzumu's body was wracked with abject terror. His whole body quaked. The fear shook him to his very bones.
The sweat dripping from his face expressed just how precarious his predicament was.
On his own, he might have been able to do something against that giant hammer.
But Riria was here.
The nigh-incomprehensible reality had left her stunned.
She started muttering to herself that this was all a nightmare, her mental defenses working to protect her mind.
It was impossible. She couldn't defend herself.
She would be crushed by the hammer. Her fate was already set in stone.
There was only one way to avert that.
To settle this once and for all before that fate could come to pass.
The only way Suzumu could save them was to dedicate his fist and punch the divine curse.
But that would affect Riria, too.
Suzumu was well aware his fist had enough power to kill someone.
Meaning... they were out of options.
He had to strike, but couldn't!
It seemed the divine curse understood that as well.
She dragged the hammer while slowly approaching them, jeering at their plight.
She was but a few steps away.
Suzumu needed to come up with a plan in that span of time—to find a weak point to exploit.
Just then, Riria started laughing hopelessly.
⑳Ha ha... Ha ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳I'm so glad... I'm so glad...⑳
⑳Now I can finally go back to being Magical Lily...⑳
Her eyes were glazed over. She was losing her sanity.
And yet they were also damp...
⑳I'm happy. I'm so happy.⑳
⑳I can go back to being Magical Lily...⑳
⑳Then no one will call me a monster ever again...⑳
⑳You're not a monster.⑳
⑳Riria Nunokawa—Riria Kurusu—is sublime and beautiful.⑳
⑳No one's ever said that.⑳
⑳They all say I was better as Lily. That I was an angel...⑳
⑳I was better back then. Everyone said I was cute as a button.⑳
⑳But now... all they do... is badmouth me... Every last one of them...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I'm sick of it...⑳
⑳But that's where you're wrong. There are people out there who recognize Riria Kurusu's efforts!⑳
⑳Don't lie to make me feel better!⑳
⑳There aren't any! I know that!⑳
⑳I practiced so hard! I sang and danced my heart out there!⑳
⑳But no one cares! No one! Not one! Not a single person!⑳
⑳That's why I believed—no, why I still believe, from the bottom of my heart...⑳
⑳...that no one needs Riria Kurusu! I should just die like the worm I am!⑳
⑳Then only Magical Lily will be left. And then... no one will say those awful things about me anymore...⑳
⑳Riria...⑳
⑳Magical Lily... Kill me.⑳
⑳Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh. Splendid. You have such wonderful insight, Riria.⑳
⑳I shall allow you to embrace the man you love in your final moments.⑳
⑳Your flesh and blood shall soon be mixed into one, after all. Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh...⑳
⑳Ever since we first met, you could tell Lily and I apart.⑳
⑳You talked to me without ever thinking of me as Lily's husk.⑳
⑳Maybe it was only natural to you, but that was the one thing that gave me hope.⑳
⑳And that's why...⑳
⑳...I love you. From the bottom of my heart.⑳
⑳So please...⑳
⑳...let me at least be with you as I disappear.⑳
⑳Please... let me weep on your chest as it happens.⑳
⑳I'm begging you...⑳
⑳Riria...⑳
⑳Are you scum enough to deny a woman's final request, Suzumu Susuhara?⑳
⑳I am not without mercy.⑳
⑳I shall end the both of you in one blow. You won't even feel any pain.⑳
⑳Susu...hara...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Okay.⑳
Suzumu nodded.
⑳Come on over, Riria.⑳
⑳Also... I want to be in your arms... in my final moments.⑳
⑳Come here, Riria.⑳
⑳Susuhara...⑳
Riria spread her arms and slowly approached Suzumu. He embraced her, but just as she was about to bury her face in his chest... he let go.
⑳These aren't your last moments.⑳
⑳There are so many people who will support Riria Kurusu in her endeavors. I'm positive.⑳
⑳So I won't let this be your end.⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳Heh heh heh heh heh, what can you possibly hope to do, Suzumu Susuhara?⑳
⑳Strike me? That will mean Riria's death!⑳
⑳No. You're not the one I'll strike.⑳
⑳What?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
Suzumu lowered his hips and readied his fist.
The keen glint in his eye was aimed not at the divine curse... but Riria.
⑳I'm sorry, Riria.⑳
⑳I swear I'll make you believe in your future...⑳
⑳...so hang in there.⑳
⑳Huh? What?⑳
⑳The divine curse is merely feeding off your emotional trauma.⑳
⑳And the one truly allowing that trauma to keep on festering... is none other than you yourself.⑳
The divine curse instantly paled.
He'd done it. Suzumu had seen through the true source of the curse that'd birthed her current form.
⑳Y-You wretch!⑳
⑳Wh-What do you mean by that?⑳
⑳I'm sorry about this.⑳
⑳Grit your teeth.⑳
Suzumu prepared to strike Riria.
Utterly lost, Riria could only stare with confusion.
The divine curse frantically raised her hammer.
But she was too late.
Compared to Suzumu's dedication to God, her strike was painfully slow.
⑳Hajakensho—crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path...⑳
⑳I-I won't let you!⑳
⑳Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
Suzumu launched a punch directed at Riria's chest.
Did that strike pulverize her organs and bones?
Suzumu did indeed feel something shatter. But he'd stopped his fist right before it could hit Riria's body.
Instead, he'd shattered something she kept close to her chest.
It was the cause and source of the curse that'd birthed Lily.
Lily threw her head back with a scream.
Her appearance faded away, turning into Riria with the antlers of the sacred deer.
⑳I-Impossible! How?! How could you have seen right through me?!⑳
⑳Allow me to offer one last dedication.⑳
⑳Thank you for teaching me of Riria's sorrow.⑳
⑳Thank you for giving me this opportunity to speak to her heart.⑳
⑳What are you?! How is it you were unaffected by the curse?! How can you strike a god?!⑳
⑳Th-That light... N-No, how?!⑳
⑳You guided me to the pain in her heart.⑳
⑳Thank you for that. I have nothing but gratitude for you.⑳
⑳No, it can't be! It can't be! I am the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto!⑳
⑳H-How could I be bested by a mere man-demon?!⑳
⑳Hajakensho.⑳
⑳Crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path.⑳
Suzumu's fist glowed with a heavenly shine.
Even the divine curse could not help but falter before its radiance.
⑳I cannot fall here! Not while Brother's vengeance has gone unfulfilled!⑳
⑳You shall pay for this! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
The soot snowfield cleared up little by little.
Before long, it had turned back into the room at the dorm.
I was still in a daze.
While I was used to harrowing daydreams, this was the first time I'd shared one with someone else—with Susuhara.
Thus, I knew without a doubt it had been no daydream, but rather something that'd actually happened.
⑳Has Lily vanished?⑳
⑳No. She never will.⑳
⑳After all, she's a part of you, too.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You're right...⑳
I lowered my head a little.
I'd likely continue to have daydreams about Lily.
Susuhara had indeed struck down something ghastly...
...but Magical Lily's shadow would continue to torment me for a long time to come.
⑳Lily's an important part of you.⑳
⑳You don't need to be afraid of her any longer.⑳
⑳But you'd been using her to hide from your pain.⑳
⑳What do you mean?⑳
⑳Those cruel people on the internet kept saying you were better the way you used to be.⑳
⑳So you convinced yourself it would all stop if you could be Magical Lily again, and tried taking refuge in her.⑳
⑳Th-That's not what I...⑳
⑳Mmm...⑳
I couldn't deny it.
He was probably right on the dot.
I wanted to be Magical Lily because I desired recognition.
Because I didn't want to hear people badmouth me anymore...
⑳Everyone wants recognition. It's only natural. It's nothing to be ashamed of.⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata...⑳
⑳You're the hardest worker I know, Nunokawa.⑳
⑳So it's only natural to want someone to recognize your efforts.⑳
⑳But it sure is scary how so many people these days use anonymity as a shield to say whatever they want.⑳
⑳It's more fun and easier to criticize than it is to praise.⑳
⑳As a result, all the good things people have to say get buried and never reach you.⑳
⑳Oh...⑳
Noticing an odd sensation in my chest, I reached into my breast pocket...
...and found my smartphone, its screen smashed into pieces.
⑳Sorry I broke it...⑳
⑳But I think you're better off without it for now.⑳
⑳Ha ha, I suppose you have a point.⑳
⑳Just looking at that criticism day after day was depressing...⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata?⑳
⑳I'm on it.⑳
Ms. Hinagata took out her own phone, played around with it for a few moments, then showed it to me.
It was someone's blog.
⑳Riria's performance was amazing!⑳
⑳I was surprised how much better her dancing's gotten :)⑳
⑳I feel like I'm discovering a new side of her she didn't have back when she was Magical Lily.⑳
⑳It'd be a disservice to keep calling her Magical Lily. From now on, Riria Kurusu has my full support!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳That's not all. Check these out.⑳
⑳O-Okay...⑳
Diamonds among all the coal.
The internet might be a breeding ground for slander...
...but at the same time, there were indeed people out there rooting for me who recognized how hard I'd worked.
But I only saw the bad, and so I became deaf to their encouragement...
⑳There are people who can tell how hard you've been working.⑳
⑳Susuhara found all of them.⑳
⑳He didn't know his way around a smartphone at first, but he did his best to help you.⑳
⑳Susuhara...⑳
⑳I'll let you know what those cheering you on have to say.⑳
⑳So could you just leave the social media to me?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Ha ha ha. So basically...⑳
⑳...you're telling me not to look at the internet ever again?⑳
⑳Heh heh heh. Well, not for a while, anyway.⑳
⑳You're a very strong girl at heart.⑳
⑳So we're just telling you to take a little break from the internet until you can regain that strength.⑳
⑳In exchange, I'll check every day to find people rooting for you.⑳
⑳There are a lot of people out there cheering you on.⑳
⑳My job is to let you know that until you can believe it for yourself.⑳
My eyes welled up with tears.
But not from sorrow. Not anymore.
⑳I would be more than happy if you could find those positive comments for me...⑳
⑳But if I could have your support too... I think I could bring myself to believe it.⑳
⑳That'll be rough. That means you have to go to all of Riria's performances.⑳
⑳U-Uh, I don't know if I have enough money...⑳
⑳There are always VIP tickets, right? At least give him that courtesy.⑳
⑳After all, Susuhara's sort of like the manager of your heart now, isn't he?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Uh-huh!⑳
⑳By the way, Ms. Hinagata, exactly how long were you there?⑳
⑳Your timing just now couldn't have been more perfect.⑳
⑳Oh, right! Well, get a load of this!⑳
⑳I was patrolling the school, when lo and behold, I saw a boy and girl sneaking off to the dorm!⑳
⑳I figured they were about to get themselves in big trouble! So I took the liberty of breaking into the scene of the crime.⑳
⑳Look! Here's a photo of Riria dragging a boy into the dorm!⑳
⑳And lookie here! It's a photo of you two in the girls' room!⑳
⑳Aaaaah! Th-Those are very misleading photos! Delete them right this instant!⑳
⑳Of course I will! But on one condition, Riria!⑳
⑳Coercion now, is it? What do you want?⑳
⑳Can you get me good seats at a Rankiryuu concert?⑳
⑳You mean my agency's hottest boy band unit, don't you. Fine, sure. I'll make it happen.⑳
⑳Oh, but first, could you print those photos before you delete them?⑳
⑳Sure thing!⑳
After that, Riria switched to a traditional flip phone.
It only functioned as a phone. She couldn't access the internet.
Meanwhile, she'd also sealed away her computer in her closet.
It felt suffocating at first, but before long, she was happier than she'd been in a while.
⑳Oh, manager! Did you find any comments about yesterday's performance?⑳
⑳Yes. I saved them to my Bookmarks. Here you go.⑳
⑳I don't see any comments from you. I thought you said you were going to write a ton for me.⑳
⑳Y-Yeah. I've been doing my best.⑳
⑳But it was the same performance as the day before, so it's hard to write impressions every single day...⑳
⑳Geez, you need to get your act together, Susuhara!⑳
⑳Oh, here's the ticket for next Saturday. So please come to both shows, if you will!⑳
⑳Wow, that's the Great Susuhara for you. He gets to be Riria's manager...⑳
⑳But Suzumu isn't your slave, Riria.⑳
⑳Of course not. Don't be silly. In fact, I'm the real victim here!⑳
⑳Don't be fooled by appearances. He's a black-hearted villain who threatened to leak these pictures unless I made him my manager.⑳
⑳Whoaaaah! What the heck are these?! What were you up to, Suzumun?!⑳
⑳Wh-Wh-What is this?! Explain yourself, Suzumu! Why are there pictures of you having a tryst with Riria?!⑳
⑳U-Uh, what are you talking about?⑳
⑳If these photos get out, my life as a celebrity is over!⑳
⑳That's why I must do whatever Susuhara says! Oh, woe is me!⑳
⑳He follows me around all day and uses me as his plaything any chance he gets!⑳
⑳Su-Susuharaaaaaaaaaaa! I-I'm so damn jealoussssssssss!⑳
⑳Wh-What? Why are you all looking at me? What did I do?⑳
⑳Oh, Atsuta! Look out the window, please! Is that an ultra-rare card?!⑳
⑳What?! Where?! Where?!⑳
Right when Natsuya ran over to the window...
...Riria leaned forward and kissed Suzumu's lips when his guard was down.
Tsubakiko and Kanae were rendered speechless, their mouths agape.
Suzumu stared in bewilderment as his mind processed what had just happened.
⑳And worst of all, he makes me do this against my will.⑳
⑳If I don't kiss him once a day, he says he'll leak those photos. Poor little me...⑳
⑳Su-Su-Suzumuuuuuuu! You foul beast! You're an enemy to all women! Explain yourself!⑳
⑳S-Seriously, I have no idea what you're talking about! Ow! You're hurting me!⑳
⑳Riria, stop laughing and help me!⑳
⑳Talk about gutsy. Is this your declaration of war?⑳
⑳If that's how you want to see it, then by all means, do so.⑳
(Please keep watching me, Susuhara.)
(Riria Kurusu is out there performing for you and you alone.)
(And in time...)
(...I'll make sure to steal your heart. So you won't be able to look away from me...)
⑳Who in the world... was he...?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Suzumu... Susuhara... what... are... you...?⑳
⑳...⑳
Tsubakiko Harumiya
It happened long ago, when I was still a kid in kindergarten.
Just like every other little girl my age, I was a proper lady.
For me, playing house was a perfect recital of when I'd someday be a housewife, too.
I tried acting even cuter than normal when I was in front of the boys.
I'd even get in trouble for playing with Mom's makeup and cookware sometimes, too.
I didn't mean any harm, of course.
Because I was dead serious about my dream even back then.
To become the perfect wife.
⑳Okay, I'll play the dad. I'm home!⑳
⑳Welcome home, honey!⑳
⑳Would you like a bath? Or dinner first?⑳
⑳Hmm, I guess I'll start with a bath!⑳
⑳I'll put it on right now! Let me wash your back!⑳
⑳Oh, you're so kind. I wish I had a wife like you, Tsubakiko.⑳
Even when Tanabata came around, my wish was the same: ⑳I want to be the perfect wife.⑳
But I was a kid. I never thought about it much deeper than that.
I wanted to be a wife, but I never even considered that I'd need to marry someone to make that happen.
Pretty stupid, huh? That's like, the first thing you're supposed to think of.
⑳You can't be getting into fights with boys if you want to be the perfect wife.⑳
⑳But Maa flipped my skirt up!⑳
⑳I understand that, but it's not very ladylike to drop kick someone...⑳
I barely remember it, but apparently I'd kicked a boy so hard he smashed his head into the edge of a locker, sending him to the hospital.
Personally, I thought it was a suitable price to pay for trying to steal a glance at my panties.
I wanted to be a wife, and yet I'd constantly be picking fights with boys back in kindergarten.
⑳See, honey?! This is why I'm telling you not to leave all that violent manga lying around where Tsubakiko can find it!⑳
⑳Listen, Tsubakiko. You mustn't imitate all those things you see in your father's manga.⑳
⑳If you want to be the perfect wife, you need to be a kind and gentle girl. Violence is bad.⑳
⑳Which means no more drop kicks, roundhouse kicks, and shining wizards on me either. Okay?⑳
⑳After all, how do you expect to be a wife if none of the boys like you?⑳
Those words were such a shock to me!
I'd never realized you needed a boy's approval before you could be a wife.
⑳You need to try to be a bit more ladylike, okay?⑳
⑳Get along with the boys. Do that, and I'm certain you'll make a wonderful wife someday.⑳
⑳Really?!⑳
⑳Then I won't fight anymore! I'll be a kind and gentle girl!⑳
⑳Guten Morgen! Rise and shine!⑳
Tsubakiko opened the curtains with a whoosh.
The sun's warm rays bathed the room in their light.
⑳C'mon, Suzumu! Wake up, sleepyhead!⑳
⑳M-Mmm...⑳
⑳Huh? What's going on?⑳
⑳It's morning!⑳
⑳I thought boys loved this kind of thing.⑳
⑳Geez, you could at least pretend to be happy...⑳
Most people would see this as a standard girl-next-door romantic comedy act and wish the two of them dead in an envious rage.
But Suzumu was normally quite the early bird.
In contrast, Tsubakiko was a real night owl.
Even when she went to bed, she'd spend thirty minutes squirming about playing WanyaDora, not wanting to waste her MP.
WanyaDora was a free-to-play mobile puzzle game constantly being pushed in commercials and ads all over.
As such, it had taken her a few days before she could adjust to waking up Suzumu each morning, like his future wife might.
⑳It's been a while since you woke me up, hasn't it?⑳
⑳Thank you.⑳
⑳Oh, but that's not all! I made breakfast for you, too!⑳
⑳Really? That's so nice of you.⑳
⑳It's not every day I get treated so nicely. What's the occasion?⑳
Last night, she'd had a dream that brought back all sorts of memories.
To her innocent kindergarten days, when she'd sworn to become the perfect wife.
The memory was so pure and exciting that before she knew it, she'd woken up at the crack of dawn.
Thus she made a spur-of-the-moment decision to make breakfast for Suzumu.
Despite that, he was as composed as ever.
Though a girl his age had used her spare key to sneak into his room, he wasn't the least bit shaken.
Tsubakiko brought the food from her own apartment on a tray.
The hallway was rich with the scent of cooking. She must have cooked in her room.
She struggled to make her way through the door while her hands were occupied with carrying the tray.
⑳You didn't have to go out of your way to bring it over. We could have had it at your place.⑳
⑳N-No way! Boys can't just barge into a lady's room like that!⑳
⑳You barged into my room just fine, though.⑳
⑳That's different. We're related, so what's a locked door between the two of us?⑳
⑳Mmm, something feels off about that. But maybe it's just me?⑳
⑳Yep, it's just you! Now come on! Eat it while it's hot!⑳
White rice, miso soup, seasoned seaweed, stir-fried spinach, bacon, and eggs.
The kind of breakfast you'd see in any average household.
⑳Mmm, the rice is good.⑳
⑳What about the rest?⑳
⑳The miso soup's tasty, too. You sure are a good cook, Kiko.⑳
⑳What about the rest?⑳
⑳The stir-fried spinach is really nice. I like it a lot.⑳
⑳What about the rest, what about the rest?!⑳
⑳I can tell you really took your time with the bacon and eggs. I think it's good...⑳
⑳Y-You can get really sick if you don't cook it right, so I made sure to cook 'em through and through!⑳
⑳Yeah, it's good. I've never had such crunchy bacon and eggs before. It's like I'm eating a cracker.⑳
⑳R-Really? That's the new cooking trend these days. You haven't heard of crunchy bacon and eggs? Oh boy, someone's real, real far behind the times!⑳
Tsubakiko made hasty excuses with a blush.
Suzumu chuckled at the sight.
Anyone could tell from a glance that she'd overcooked the bacon and eggs a little—no, scratch that, a -lot-.
In actuality, Tsubakiko had borrowed the rice, miso soup, and spinach from her mother.
In other words, all she'd actually cooked were the bacon and eggs...
Her room currently reeked of smoke.
She'd actually wanted to make more than that.
But the disaster with the bacon and eggs had shattered her spirit...
⑳I-It must be tough to be a housewife...⑳
⑳Why's that?⑳
⑳Well, they have to get up before their husbands and make breakfast every morning, right?⑳
⑳I just did it once and it was stressful enough. It's crazy.⑳
⑳But I'm really happy you did this for me.⑳
⑳I'm sure whoever you marry will be thrilled, too.⑳
⑳Would you... be happy?⑳
⑳Of course.⑳
⑳Even if your wife couldn't cook bacon and eggs to save her life?⑳
⑳I'd be overjoyed just knowing she tried her best for me.⑳
⑳I believe I could find the strength to go to work each day with breakfasts like these.⑳
⑳So I'm sure that whoever you marry will be a very lucky man.⑳
⑳...⑳
His words warmed Tsubakiko's heart.
If her married life were anything like this, she felt she could take on the whole world.
And if Suzumu were her husband... she believed she could do anything.
Thus, she swore to keep up her training so she could someday be the perfect housewife.
⑳Th-Thank you for helping me with my training.⑳
⑳I'm trying my best to become a wonderful wife someday, so, uh...⑳
⑳Well, if you think I'm a good enough candidate, I'll gladly help with whatever you need.⑳
⑳Thank you! Thank you so, so much!⑳
Tsubakiko was bursting with joy.
And so the two of them ate at their crispy bacon and eggs like your average newlywed couple.
I almost always rode my bike to school.
But when Suzumu and I were both riding our bikes, it felt like we were taking a nice, romantic trip together.
⑳The early bird gets the worm,⑳ so they say, and that's precisely how I felt.
I was in such a good mood today. I felt like I was one step closer to becoming the perfect wife! I was on top of the world!
Everything was going so well!
...So why'd it all have to go south?!
⑳Ya wanna get slaughtered, punks? Huh?⑳
⑳You just can't get enough, can ya?!⑳
A group of delinquents laid sprawled out on the ground before springing up and groveling on their knees.
⑳We're so sorry! We didn't know you were Bakiko of the Bloodstained Angels!⑳
⑳The next time any one of ya shows your sorry face around Susu High, I'll fuckin' slaughter ya no questions asked, ya hear?!⑳
⑳E-Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek! Forgive us!⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳*pant* *pant*⑳
⑳Kiko sure is strong...⑳
⑳Well yeah. Y'know, before all this, she was... *mumble* *mumble*⑳
Normally, I'd slug Atsuta right in the gut to keep him from yapping about my past.
But I wouldn't be fooling anyone after that horrendous display just now.
...Okay, I should probably back up and give some context here.
Suzumu and I met up with Atsuta at the Iwaimoto Shopping District this morning.
After that, we saw some idiots trying to bully one of the guys from our school.
But after I politely asked them to cut it out, they said some... choice words that would invoke any lady's wrath.
I couldn't remember a thing after that. Next thing I knew, I was here.
And with that... my dream went up in flames.
Now Suzumu knew of my dark and sordid past...
Things were really awkward between us that day.
More accurately, I just didn't know how to approach him after that.
So I simply kept avoiding him at every turn.
Though I knew I couldn't keep it up forever.
However patient Suzumu might be, even he had his limits.
So when school ended for the day, he grabbed me by the arm.
⑳Kiko, are you still bothered by this morning?⑳
Of course! You were the last guy I wanted knowing my secret!
...Yeah, right. Like he'd ever believe me saying something that ladylike at this point. Why me...?
⑳...⑳
⑳*sigh*⑳
⑳Guess it's too late to play the cute little angel at this point, huh? Stupid, stupid me...⑳
⑳I thought you were pretty cool, actually.⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳Most people from our school just ignored what was happening to him, even though it was obvious he was suffering.⑳
⑳But you had the courage to speak out against it.⑳
⑳Plus, you didn't even know that guy, right?⑳
⑳So honestly, that makes you even cooler in my eyes.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Y-You really think so?⑳
⑳Yeah. Those bullies were screaming in your face, yet you didn't even bat an eye.⑳
⑳R-Right.⑳
It was more like I lost my shit and gave in to the Satsui no Hado, though...
But apparently it'd looked like I was totally in control from behind.
Anyway, I was glad he was proud of me for standing up for that guy, but that didn't excuse the slaughter that followed.
⑳I thought that was pretty cool, too.⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳I like girls who are normally modest but step up to the plate and do what's right when the chips are down.⑳
⑳R-Really?⑳
⑳Yeah.⑳
I-I never would have expected to find out Suzumu's type like this...
Did I just trip a romance flag without even trying to? Was I seriously that lucky?
⑳Actually, I feel like I'm the one who messed up there.⑳
⑳Guys like me are supposed to take the lead at times like that, but I fell completely behind.⑳
⑳You wouldn't have needed to push yourself if I'd just had my head on straight.⑳
⑳But more importantly, you wouldn't have had to worry about it all day, either.⑳
⑳So I really wanted to let you how cool I thought you were, and how sorry I was.⑳
⑳Y-You don't think less of me?⑳
⑳Why would I?⑳
⑳In fact, I'd say I like you even more now.⑳
⑳Wait, uh, a-a-are you serious?⑳
⑳Yeah. I think strong girls like you are really wonderful.⑳
⑳Y-Y-You really mean that? You're not just saying that to make me feel better?⑳
⑳Of course not.⑳
⑳Besides, do you really think I'd ask you to walk home with me if I felt let down by you?⑳
Suzumu flashed me a serene smile, erasing any suspicions I may have had of him being insincere.
In the end, I was the only one who'd been worked up about the whole thing. Suzumu hadn't been let down a bit.
Instead, I'd gained some serious points with him in a way I hadn't expected.
It was like I'd risen from hell to heaven!
...But I knew I shouldn't put the cart before the horse like that. It was a bad habit of mine.
We stopped by a fast food joint on our way home, where I told him all sorts of tales of my edgier years.
I expected him to be horrified for sure, but instead he listened with a gleam in his eyes.
⑳That's so cool. It's really noble how you fought to protect your friends like that.⑳
⑳I need to devote myself harder so I can keep others safe, too.⑳
⑳Aha, ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳But really though, doesn't any of this ruin your image of me? It has to, right?⑳
⑳I'm trying to be a cute girl nowadays, but I was a real terror back then.⑳
⑳It's all in the past. Things are different now.⑳
⑳Besides, I think you had good reasons to fight in all those stories you told me.⑳
⑳From what I can tell, it doesn't sound like you ever picked on the weak or beat people up for no reason.⑳
Well yeah. I -was- the head of the Bloodstained Angel's attack unit. I would never stoop so low.
We were vigilantes. We never laid a hand on the innocent.
Instead, we were the kind who went around dishing out punishment to hot-headed scumbags who did sink to those levels.
⑳See? So I don't think you have anything to be embarrassed about.⑳
⑳...Well, it's not exactly the sort of thing I wanna pride myself on, either.⑳
⑳You've moved on from it, so you don't have to let it bother you anymore.⑳
⑳Everyone has a rebellious phase at some point.⑳
⑳Even I did some pretty awful stuff to spite my parents, too.⑳
⑳Wait, seriously?! Like what?⑳
⑳Uh, well... Don't tell anyone, okay?⑳
⑳O-Okay. My lips are sealed. They're sealed!⑳
Suzumu whispered in my ear...
⑳W-What?! Are you for real?! You actually did that?!⑳
⑳Shh! Keep it down! Seriously, it's a secret!⑳
⑳But see what I mean? What you did was nothing compared to that...⑳
⑳Ha ha ha ha ha ha, aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
I couldn't help but laugh at what a big deal I'd been making of all this.
I literally roared with laughter, and before long, Suzumu joined in.
I'd been worrying so much about this whole thing.
But telling it all to him took such a load off my chest.
I felt like I could even invite him to my room with no further reservations.
We continued chatting in the dying sunlight as we walked our bikes home.
In hindsight, Suzumu was probably being considerate of me in his own little way.
In the end, his smile laid my heart bare.
But he'd also confessed his own shameful past, so we were even. Therefore, I had no reason to be embarrassed anymore.
It was like... I dunno, like we'd already crossed some sort of emotional threshold.
Now that I had nothing to hide from Suzumu, I felt I could show him the real me in its truest meaning.
A girl would have to be crazy to let a guy like him out of her grasp.
So I had to take him for my own. I wouldn't let anyone else have him! Never!
I had nothing left to fear! I'd confess to him right on the spot!
That way, nobody else could ever lay a finger on him!
⑳Uh, h-hey, Suzumu?⑳
⑳Yes?⑳
The two of us stopped.
The shopping district was bustling with activity, yet it felt like we were all alone in the world...
⑳Um, I, uh, um...⑳
⑳Listen, uh, I need to tell you something. Don't laugh, okay?⑳
⑳Okay.⑳
I faltered at the serious look he was giving me. I wanted to scream.
But I couldn't lose heart. I needed to be brave!
Oh no, I couldn't do it! I couldn't look him in the eye! It'd be like staring at the sun!
Thus, I shifted my gaze far behind him.
...What...?
I could hear children laughing and playing.
But I felt I could hear my younger self's voice among them.
⑳I'm gonna be the perfect wife when I grow up!⑳
⑳Well, isn't that sweet? That's a lovely little dream.⑳
⑳You can do it, Tsubakiko. I know you can.⑳
Everyone was cheering me on with a big smile.
And I wasn't simply telling people about my dream. I also knew those were magic words that put smiles on people's faces.
⑳I'm gonna be the perfect wife when I grow up!⑳
Adults would smile and rustle my hair affectionately whenever I uttered that spell.
It made me so happy.
⑳May all your days be filled with smiles!⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha ha, aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳Is something wrong, Kiko?⑳
Kiko had tried to tell me something.
But then she saw something behind me and froze up like a deer in headlights.
I turned around, but all I saw were the evening crowds of the Iwaimoto Shopping District. Nothing more, nothing less.
⑳Aaah... ghhh...⑳
⑳What's wrong? Hang in there!⑳
⑳Ahhh... Ahhh...⑳
Kiko gripped her head and moaned.
Her eyes were dazed, and she was staggering.
Could this be one of those hauntings Ms. Hinagata had told me about?
She'd said they wouldn't happen while I was around, but perhaps there were exceptions.
At any rate, I couldn't leave Kiko out in the middle of the street.
I parked our bikes at the side of the road and grabbed her by the shoulder.
⑳Ahhh, ahhh...⑳
⑳Kiko, are you okay? It's me. Do you recognize me?⑳
⑳Haah, aaaaah, aaaaah...⑳
She wailed as if in the midst of a nightmare.
Her face was pale and clammy with sweat, while her eyes were wide and unfocused.
A nightmare that struck in broad daylight—this had to be a haunting.
Whatever the case, I had to get her home and let her rest.
Then I'd call Ms. Hinagata and ask what to do next.
I draped my arm around Kiko's shoulders and hurried on home.
⑳...⑳
I got a bad feeling and turned around.
It felt as though something sickening was nearby.
But there was nothing that fit that description in the crowd.
⑳What a repulsive feeling...⑳
After Suzumu and Tsubakiko left the shopping district, an uncanny figure hiding in the darkness of a narrow back alley wriggled about.
It was disgustingly obese and gave off a rank odor, like sweat and a rancid sewer.
It had small, childlike eyes that gleamed ominously.
⑳Bbbaaabb, bbbbaaaabb...⑳
The man's breathing was loud and heavy. Either his nose was stuffed or he did it on purpose.
Greasy sweat trickled down the tip of his nose with each fetid and foul exhalation.
⑳Heh heh... I finally found you.⑳
⑳What a beauty you've become, Tsubakiko...⑳
⑳I knew it. I just knew it... Bhee hee hee, gheh heh heh...⑳
The man smiled and giggled to himself as if remembering something amusing.
⑳I'll be coming for you soon.⑳
⑳And once I do, I'll make you my wife for sure this time...⑳
⑳Bbebb beb beb beb bbbaabbb, bbebb...⑳
I put Kiko to bed and called Ms. Hinagata immediately afterwards.
Kiko wasn't suffering anymore, but she was dead tired.
⑳That was a haunting. No doubt about it.⑳
⑳What should I do?⑳
⑳You were right to take her to a safe place and lie her down. Gold star.⑳
⑳There've been times where they've done something dangerous while out of it like that. Stay with her until she fully regains consciousness.⑳
⑳What do you mean by dangerous?⑳
⑳Spirits can occasionally instigate acts of self-harm. Make sure there's nothing sharp lying around.⑳
⑳...I don't see anything like that, but there are a lot of dangerous objects nearby.⑳
Trophies of Kiko's younger days, such as spiked bats and wooden swords, were aplenty here.
They could be trouble should worst come to worst, so I gathered them up, wrapped them all in a towel, and hid them away.
⑳I've gotta say, though, I'm shocked someone actually had a haunting with you around.⑳
⑳Maybe she was attacked by a spirit stronger than my power?⑳
⑳Hmm...⑳
⑳Your power really is on a whole other level, though, so I can't imagine there are many spirits stronger than it.⑳
⑳I don't know exactly what things were like when Harumiya changed...⑳
⑳...but maybe this is due to anemia or some other underlying issue.⑳
⑳But we can't rule this out as a haunting just because I was there, can we?⑳
⑳True enough. No one can say for sure.⑳
⑳How do I protect her if it is a haunting?⑳
⑳Hauntings are basically bad daydreams. She should be fine as long as you leave her somewhere she won't hurt herself.⑳
⑳She'll wake up eventually, and then things will be back to normal.⑳
I thought the situation was more dire, but Ms. Hinagata made it sound like business as usual.
Probably because hauntings were a regular occurrence for them.
Hence why she was telling me all I had to do was stay with her until she woke up.
⑳Thank you for your concern. This happens to us all the time.⑳
⑳I see...⑳
⑳Maybe this means my power is weakening?⑳
⑳You think so? Have you been slacking in your training?⑳
⑳No, that's not it...⑳
⑳But I failed to protect Kiko when she was right there with me.⑳
⑳So I'm worried that's a sign my dedication is lacking...⑳
⑳Heh. Guess that means you'll just have to keep at it.⑳
⑳You're the LCSC's ultimate weapon, after all. Hee hee hee.⑳
I sighed with relief. Things weren't as bad as they seemed.
Ms. Hinagata hung up after telling me to call her if anything happened.
I went to go check up on Kiko, only to find her wide awake.
She must have woken up while I was on the phone.
⑳How are you feeling? Better now?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳M-Mmm...⑳
She sat up sluggishly and heaved a deep sigh.
I wondered what kind of nightmare she'd had.
Frustration at failing her in her time of need ate away at me.
⑳You were hit with a haunting.⑳
⑳Huh? A... what?⑳
Oh, right. Ms. Hinagata was the only one who really knew about them.
She said the girls of the LCSC only perceived them as bad dreams.
⑳...I think you must have had a dizzy spell or something.⑳
⑳You were in bad shape, too. You were moaning to yourself.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Was I...?⑳
⑳Yeah. So you must have been having a bad dream.⑳
⑳But you're all right now. There's no need to worry anymore.⑳
⑳...⑳
If Ms. Hinagata was correct, then Kiko was fine by this point.
After all, nightmares are vivid right after you have one, but fade from memory in no time.
⑳I'm sorry for making you worry.⑳
⑳No, I should be apologizing to you. I entered your room without asking.⑳
⑳...⑳
The color returned to Kiko's face rapidly, growing red as a beet.
⑳Wh-Wh-Why are you in my room?! I-I-I thought I locked the door!⑳
⑳Your mother gave me the key when I told her you weren't feeling well.⑳
⑳Dammit, you old hag! You wanna get slaughtered?!⑳
⑳Aha ha, sounds like you're feeling better already.⑳
⑳I wasn't surprised when I saw this room. Probably because of all the stories you told me.⑳
⑳I-I was planning to show you eventually... But not yet! This is too soon! Too soon!⑳
⑳Waaaaaaaaaaaaah! Mom, you suck! Waaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
I-I could have handled that better. I needed to work on my lack of tact...
⑳W-Well, if you'll excuse me, I have some training to get to...⑳
⑳T-Training?! You're gonna abandon me?!⑳
⑳Huh? What?⑳
⑳Apologize! Get on your knees! Say you're sorry for desecrating a lady's sanctuary!⑳
⑳Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Mom, you big fat jerk!⑳
Kiko was so worked up she wasn't even making sense anymore.
But at least it seemed the haunting had subsided.
I apologized as I left her room.
⑳I need to train harder.⑳
The more I devoted myself to my training, the stronger my power would grow. I was sure of it.
I had to work harder so that Kiko wouldn't suffer from another haunting...
⑳...⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
Tsubakiko's breathing grew labored again.
Beads of sweat rose to her forehead once more.
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
She stood abruptly, rushed over to the door, locked it, and put up the chain.
She then ran back into the room and violently shut the curtains.
Tsubakiko used so much strength that she tore off one of the latches on the curtain rail.
Though the sound it made was faint, it scared the living daylights out of her.
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
Tsubakiko clung to the curtains as she nervously gazed outside through the gap between them.
All she saw was the same scenery as always, but that wasn't enough to convince her.
The room was pitch-dark without sunlight.
But Tsubakiko threw a blanket over her head and huddled in a corner of the room, leaving the lights off.
Terror and anxiety danced across her eyes. She couldn't calm down at all.
Just then, she heard a frightful sound.
It felt as though it were growing louder by the second. Footsteps, perhaps?
It was getting closer. And closer!
Tsubakiko held her breath hard enough to choke herself as she crawled over to the gap in the curtains.
She peeked through...
...and discovered it was the sound of Suzumu punching the tree.
He was in his dojo uniform, training more intensely than usual.
It wasn't footsteps.
⑳Aah...⑳
⑳Whew... Aaah... ahh...⑳
⑳...⑳
Tsubakiko heaved a sigh of relief as she flopped down to the floor.
But her face showed no sign of ease at the moment.
She was a nervous wreck frightened by the slightest sounds, peeking through the window or the door's peephole over and over again.
⑳Th-This year... Heh heh...⑳
⑳Wh-What year is it... again?⑳
She took her phone off her desk with trembling hands.
After checking what year it was, she started counting something down with her fingers.
And when she finished...
...she fell backwards as though she'd fainted.
She was lucky her bed was right there. Had she been even slightly off, she could have smashed her head on the edge of the bed.
That was how hard her fall had been.
She lay there frozen for so long, she started entertaining the idea she was in fact a puppet.
No matter how many waves of terror assaulted her, her brain wouldn't tell her what it thought was so scary.
And so she merely continued to tremble in fear without knowing the source of her fright...
⑳Bbeb beb beb beb, bbeb...⑳
⑳I found you...⑳
⑳Tsubakiko... I know where you live... Bheh heh heh heh...⑳
⑳Good morning.⑳
⑳Are you feeling all right...?⑳
⑳...Yeah.⑳
⑳Maybe I didn't get enough sleep...⑳
⑳Are you sure you're okay? Do you want to take the day off?⑳
⑳I'm fine, I'm fine. I may not look it, but I'm aiming for a perfect attendance rate!⑳
⑳I see. Just don't push yourself, all right?⑳
...Tsubakiko had lied. She wasn't just a little sleep-deprived.
In fact, she hadn't slept at all.
She'd been far too afraid.
By following her daily routine and going to school, she figured she'd start feeling better.
...But things didn't go so well.
⑳Something terrifying has returned.⑳
That fear had seized her heart since the night before.
She couldn't get it out of her mind.
It was like she could feel -his- revolting stare on her 24/7.
She tried to remember who -he- was, but she couldn't—no, wouldn't let herself.
Regardless, -he- had told her this the last time they'd seen each other:
⑳I'll be back for you, Tsubakiko. I promise...⑳
⑳I'll be back for you, Tsubakiko. I promise...⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳What's wrong, Kiko?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Oh, sorry...⑳
⑳You keep turning around, you know that?⑳
⑳I don't think that's smart when you're riding a bike.⑳
⑳Aha ha, sorry about that.⑳
⑳I'm a good, good girl, so I'm always checking if cars are coming just to be safe.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Sure it isn't something greater than that?⑳
⑳Like, I dunno, you're a spy worried about a tail?⑳
⑳Huh? A tail?⑳
⑳Oh, no, it's nothing like that!⑳
⑳I just thought someone might be looking at me, that's all!⑳
⑳I'm as cute as a cute little button, so like, maybe someone's watching me, planning the best time to hand me a love letter!⑳
⑳Aha ha, wouldn't that be nice?⑳
⑳Tch, they should just stick that thing in her shoe locker where it belongs.⑳
⑳I think there are merits to handing them over in person, myself.⑳
⑳Love letters are trap cards! You're supposed to set them in advance!⑳
Natsuya then went off into a tangent about trading cards, dragging Suzumu in along with him.
Even Tsubakiko was a little less paranoid about her surroundings on the rest of their way to school.
...Oddly enough, I was unusually attentive in classes today.
Though perhaps that was just another form of escapism.
Humans can enjoy a slight discomfort or two if it means avoiding something even more dreadful.
...Someone had been staring at me this whole time. I could feel it.
They'd been watching me the whole day.
No—They were observing me.
The way an owner would their pet hamster in its cage...
That gaze seemed loving on the surface, but something far more vile and sinister lay behind it.
⑳*pant* *pant*⑳
I panicked. The more I thought about it, the harder it grew to breathe.
The teacher left after announcing we had a study hall period, leaving the classroom in a festive mood.
But I couldn't hear any of the usual hustle and bustle.
All of a sudden, the classroom door opened.
A gargantuan blob of skin-colored meat was standing there.
It came literally out of nowhere, with no prior warning.
The soft, flabby blob reminded me of a repulsively obese stomach.
It was so tall and thick that it flooded the whole door.
The doorframe shook as the eerie blob pushed its abhorrent self through.
⑳Bbubabibo, Bbubabibo...!⑳
The blob grunted the same thing over and over.
All of a sudden, I realized it sounded like it was saying ⑳Tsubakiko.⑳
And when I did... the blob's ominous sounds turned into my name.
⑳Tsubakiko... Tsubakiko...!⑳
My whole body broke out into chills and goosebumps. Icy needles pierced my brain all over.
Even my heart froze with revulsion the moment I realized that blob was looking for me.
⑳Tsubakiko, Bi'bb babe bou by bibe bob bube bbib bibe!⑳
⑳Wh-What are you saying? I-I don't understand...⑳
⑳Beb'b bbay bobebbeb, Tsubakiko!⑳
The doorframe creaked loudly, like it would break apart at any moment.
The blob surged into the classroom at that moment and pounded the blackboard.
It spewed something like squalid gravy all over it.
⑳I told you this was a study hall! Not a free period!⑳
...Wait... what?
⑳You have university entrance exams next year, right?! Quit slacking off!⑳
It was... just our regular, fat Japanese teacher.
He was angry the class had ignored his instructions and used it as an excuse to chat with one another...
I gasped for the air my lungs sorely craved.
Did I have another daydream?
⑳Are you okay, Kiko?⑳
Suzumu called out to me from behind and placed a comforting hand on my shoulder.
But then...
...I felt something disgusting and sweaty press against my cheek.
⑳Tsubakiko, boub beeb bib bo babb...⑳
I turned around, and shuddered when I realized what I thought was Suzumu was instead a greasy, obese blob...
It flashed its plaque-infested teeth into a smile, laughing with its rotten breath...
The moment I tried to look away, it seized my face with what appeared to be its arm—or fleshy protrusions.
⑳E-Eeeek...!⑳
⑳Tsubakiko... Bob baboub ba bibb bob be?!⑳
Its thick lips closed in on me.
And with a sloppy sound, it planted those giant leeches right on my face.
When I realized that disgusting thing had given me a kiss... something in me just snapped.
⑳How are you feeling, Kiko?⑳
Kiko hadn't been looking good this morning, and it seemed she still wasn't doing any better.
Fortunately, we didn't have club today.
Even if we did, I would have asked Kiko to take the day off.
⑳I'm fine. It's not... as bad... as you think...⑳
She put on a brave face, but there were bags under her eyes.
And that wasn't the end of it. She kept cowering from something.
Just now, she'd reacted to the sound of a student rolling their bike out to go home as though glass had shattered nearby.
⑳Your face has been pale ever since Japanese class ended...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I spaced out during class and had a messed-up daydream.⑳
So she'd faced another haunting. Poor thing...
Just how much did she—no, all of them—suffer from hauntings when I wasn't around?
...I had to save them.
Though I wasn't sure exactly how to do that.
Regardless, I clenched my fist and made my vow...
⑳It must have been a pretty bad dream... Eheh heh heh...⑳
⑳I'm so sorry. So you've been having issues ever since?⑳
⑳Something like that, anyway...⑳
Just like dreams, hauntings probably had varying degrees of vividness.
So it was highly likely the one she'd had during Japanese was very detailed.
Most dreams are forgotten upon awakening, but this one appeared to be an exception.
⑳I don't know what it was about, but it was just a dream.⑳
⑳...Yeah, you're right...⑳
⑳The way I see it, if it wasn't a nice dream, you should just try to forget it as soon as possible.⑳
⑳Yeah...⑳
...I felt so bad. It was really getting to her.
I had to find a way to lift her spirits.
⑳I know. Hey, Kiko?⑳
⑳Huh? What is it?⑳
She seemed surprised by my sudden shift in attitude.
This might be a little pushy, but I had to cheer her up...
⑳Want to go to the arcade on the way home?⑳
⑳Huh? Wh-Where did this come from?⑳
⑳Remember that game you played with Natsu the other day? Uh, what was it called again...⑳
⑳Golden Fantasia Double Cross Gold Punisher SR2 Deluxe Turbo?⑳
⑳Right, that one.⑳
⑳It looked like you were having fun with it, so I thought we could play it together.⑳
⑳You're an expert, so I was hoping you could show me the ropes.⑳
⑳Sure, but...⑳
⑳Could we maybe do it another time?⑳
⑳Come on, don't be like that. Please, Kiko?⑳
People want to be alone when they're feeling down.
But that never makes them feel any better.
A helping hand is the best medicine.
After I got a bit aggressive with my offer, Kiko finally gave in, though she barely looked up for it.
But she always had fun at that arcade.
I was sure this would be just the ticket to cheer her up.
We rode our bikes and headed off toward the arcade in front of the train station.
Suddenly, Kiko stopped her bike...
...and stared down an alleyway.
⑳What's wrong?⑳
⑳Look over there...⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
I did as asked and saw a plump older man crouching in the shadow of the alley, fiddling with his bike.
Apparently, the chain had gotten loose and he was trying to fix it.
Kiko probably thought he'd fallen and hurt himself.
⑳Are you okay? Do you need some help?⑳
⑳Nah, looks like I'm gonna need to go to a bike shop for this. Thanks, though.⑳
The man sighed and started pushing his bike away.
After we said our goodbyes, I headed back to Kiko.
⑳I-Is everything okay?⑳
⑳Yeah. Looks fine. Didn't get hurt or anything.⑳
⑳Really?⑳
⑳Yeah. The chain just got loose, that's all.⑳
⑳Huh? Chain?⑳
Kiko took another anxious look down the alley.
The man had vanished into the crowds while we were talking.
⑳Let's go.⑳
⑳R-Right.⑳
We started pedaling again.
The arcade was close.
⑳Huh? What's up with this crowd? Is something going on?⑳
A large crowd of bikes and excited people were stationed in front of the arcade.
⑳Wonder if there's a spot we can park.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
⑳Well, we can't park in front of the shop next door. I'll go take a look.⑳
I couldn't tell if there was a spot to park with all those people there, so I went to scout ahead.
The crowd was gathered around some drum game near the front of the arcade.
The players were wearing fashions straight from the big cities, and everyone was either filming or taking photos of them.
Maybe they were famous gamers or streamers or something. Whatever the case, they seemed like they'd mastered the game.
But only the front was crowded. The rest of the arcade was the same as always.
I quickly found two spots for our bikes.
⑳All right, it looks okay.⑳
⑳O-Okay? Are you serious?⑳
⑳Yeah. There's space to park our bikes. It's just the entrance that's busy.⑳
⑳...⑳
What was Suzumu thinking?!
How could he say it was okay after seeing that?!
Was he blind?!
The arcade entrance was flooded with blobs and dripping juices, wasn't it?
And the inside was bursting with these giant disgusting blobs.
You could see something like blood vessels on their skin, wriggling like earthworms from time to time...
They vibrated all over, as though they'd spotted me and were gesturing me over.
Suzumu... couldn't see them.
He didn't see the blobs peeking out from the shadows... moaning again and again for me to come on over...
⑳What's wrong? You look pale.⑳
⑳S-Sorry! I'm gonna head home!⑳
⑳Huh? Kiko?⑳
Suzumu couldn't see them. No, no one could.
Only me!
Suzumu couldn't see the blobs at the arcade, and he hadn't seen that blob in the alley before, either.
That was why he'd been saying some nonsense about a chain!
I left Suzumu and my bike behind and broke off into a dash.
I figured running would get me out of there faster than taking the time to get on my bike and pedal away.
After all, the whole town was crawling with those things!
The blobs popped up one after another! Alleys, shops, shutters, outdoor units—they were coming from everywhere!
And they were all calling my name!
Bbubabibo... Bbubabibo...
Tsubakiko... Tsubakiko! Bbubabibo!
Calm down. I had to calm down.
There was no way those things were actually there.
This had to be another one of those terrible daydreams I always had! I couldn't let it affect me! I couldn't!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
⑳Bheh heh, bhee hee...⑳
⑳Tsubakiko's grown into such a beautiful woman...⑳
An abhorrent pair of eyes peeked from behind cover.
Their gaze never left Tsubakiko's back as she ran.
⑳She's a whole different creature from my own sweet angel back in the day...⑳
⑳...but Daddy's A-OK with a high school Tsubakiko, too...⑳
⑳I'll come for you soon. I promise...⑳
⑳And when I do... bbebb... *slurp*⑳
⑳I'm gonna make you the wife you always wanted to be...⑳
He slurped his saliva as he spoke those repulsive words.
He got drool stains all over his filthy shirt.
His unkempt, obese appearance somewhat resembled the blob Tsubakiko feared.
⑳...Bheh heh heh...⑳
⑳The town sure has changed a lot in nine years...⑳
⑳But Daddy's back, just as promised...⑳
⑳My job for the last nine years was tough, no question...⑳
⑳...but my love for you has never dwindled. Not in the slightest, Bbubabibo...⑳
⑳You've been waiting for me this whole time too, haven't you?⑳
⑳Sorry to keep you waiting. But I'll come for you soon...⑳
⑳Bheh heh heh heh heh! *slurp*⑳
The man's ominous figure faded into the darkness as he guzzled down his saliva again...
All that was left was the rank stench of sweat...
I was okay. Ordinary people would doubt their sanity at this point, but I was used to this.
I was more prone to daydreams than the average person. So this was fairly common for me.
I could forget them any time by blaring heavy metal from my headphones and immersing myself in the music.
Seriously, what was I so scared of?
Was I really freaking out over a daydream of blobs popping up? How ridiculous.
Was Tsubakiko Harumiya a coward?! What a pathetic display from the former leader of the Bloodstained Angels' attack squad!
I wasn't scared of that blob! Of that fatso! Of that man! No way in hell!
⑳Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Spill their guts on the goddamn floor! Waste the naysayers till they're no more!⑳
I howled the aggressive lyrics to spur myself onward.
I'd smash my sweet, innocent self to pieces!
I wasn't brought into this world to be coddled like a stuffed animal! Quit hiding behind yesterdays!
Don't fuck with me! Don't you dare fuck with me! Don't even look at me, you filthy men!
Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh! I was getting fired up! Rage was surging through me!
Where were my trusty partners?! My bats?! I'd waste any dumb bastard who messed with me!
Huh? Huh?! Why weren't they in their usual spots?! What?!
What the hell?! They were gone! But I hadn't even touched them!
As I looked around frantically, I accidentally yanked the headphone cord partway out of the jack.
The music switched from the headphones to speakers, and the blinding passion burning within me was snuffed to cinders in the blink of an eye.
Wh-What was this? How did this happen?
I-I always left my partners on display, so why were they gone?
Upon closer inspection, I realized my other trusty partners had also vanished from their places.
When did it happen?! How long had it been?! Huh? Th-They were there this morning, weren't they?!
Y-Yeah, they should have been! Right, they should have been there yesterday! So why were they gone?!
All of a sudden... I felt like I could smell sweat.
It wasn't mine. It wasn't the sweat you got from running around. It was a foul, rotten stench!
I felt like I'd smelled this particular reek before.
But how long ago was it again? It was pretty far back. When I was still a little girl! Right, it must have been... nine years ago...
⑳...⑳
⑳Aaaah, aaaaah, aaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
A wordless scream burst out of me as I sunk to the floor, unable to get air.
-He- had gone into my room... while I was out...
And then -he- scrounged through it!
⑳...⑳
⑳*gasp*⑳
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Kiko had suddenly gone home by herself at the arcade yesterday.
Forcing her to come along when she wasn't up to it must have rubbed her the wrong way.
She didn't come down for dinner, and she didn't respond to my texts, either.
Apparently, she'd told her mother that she wasn't hungry because she wasn't feeling well.
Mr. Harumiya was optimistic, figuring she'd caught a cold or something.
...If only it were that simple.
Maybe it was because I'd seen her get assaulted by a haunting in person the other day, but I was racked with worry over Kiko.
So I figured perhaps it would be best to consult Ms. Hinagata.
⑳It's me. Are you up, Kiko?⑳
I pressed the doorbell to Kiko's apartment.
I quickly heard someone shuffle over to the entrance, and the door opened.
Kiko was there, already changed into her school uniform.
⑳...Morning.⑳
⑳Good morning...⑳
Her face was haggard.
Come to think of it, she'd mentioned the day before that she hadn't gotten much sleep...
Did she not get any sleep at all last night?
⑳Yeah. I had a bit of a bad dream.⑳
⑳But I was able to lie down at least, so I'm fine.⑳
⑳You shouldn't push yourself. Take the day off.⑳
⑳It's fine. I think it's safer at school than here, anyway.⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
⑳You know, there are a lot of people at school, right? The more there are, um...⑳
⑳Th-The harder it is for weirdos to get to you...⑳
What was Kiko talking about?
Though her features were shaped by exhaustion, her eyes had an odd glint to them.
I'd never seen a look like that from her before...
For a moment, I considered forcing her to rest if I had to, but Kiko probably wouldn't have listened.
However, that was convenient for both of us. I could bring her to the infirmary to see Ms. Hinagata right away.
If it was just a cold, she'd just have to rest, and I'd have peace of mind.
If it wasn't... then Ms. Hinagata would be the only one I could turn to anyway.
⑳That's right, you're aiming for perfect attendance, aren't you?⑳
⑳Yep. So I can't afford to skip. Eheh heh heh...⑳
⑳But I think we should have Ms. Hinagata look at you to be safe.⑳
⑳Seriously, I just didn't sleep well, that's all. I'm fine, I'm fine!⑳
I didn't believe her.
Normally, she'd look me right in the eye, yet she'd avoided glancing at me this whole time.
But I knew worrying about it wasn't going to solve anything.
I just had to get her to the school infirmary and leave the rest to Ms. Hinagata...
We descended the stairwell and straddled our bikes...
...This was Suzumu. ⑳Suzumu.⑳ I could tell.
So long as I kept a firm grip on my mind, I could actually recognize him as Suzumu...
But this whole time... I'd seen him as a blob.
That couldn't be. My eyes had to be playing tricks on me. That, or I was back in that same horrible daydream.
If I focused hard, Suzumu appeared the same as always.
However, if I took my eyes off him for even a second, he turned into a blob again.
⑳Is there something on my face? Do I have gunk in my eyes?⑳
⑳No, not at all! Sorry for staring!⑳
Urgh... If I let my guard down, not only did I see blobs, but I could also smell sour sweat.
But at least Suzumu was fine.
I could perceive him as his usual self so long as I honed my senses.
The world was filled with those blobs, juices, and the rank stench of sweat.
I knew the truth. There was no way they were blobs. All of them were ordinary people. They had to be.
But since this morning...
...nearly everyone looked like those hideous flesh-beasts.
And... I was probably the only one who saw them like that.
Because no one else was panicking. No one else found anything strange.
I was the only one who could see this messed up world of meat...
The Iwaimoto Shopping District was full of bikes racing to school or the train station.
And nearly all of them... appeared as blobs to me and me alone.
The foul odors they spewed were like open garbage cans on a hot summer day...
I almost threw up several times.
But it wasn't like I saw every single person as blobs.
It seemed it only applied to men.
Girls and young boys looked normal to me.
But all other men appeared as hideous blobs...
⑳Good morning, Natsu.⑳
⑳Hey, Susuhara! Great morning!⑳
Suzumu really was the only exception to that.
The hideous blob he'd called Natsu was apparently Atsuta.
Unlike Suzumu, he only appeared as a blob no matter how hard I steeled my mind.
We—no, Suzumu, me, and that disgusting bag of meat riding a bike—headed for school like every other day.
The thing would talk to me from time to time, but I couldn't bring myself to look at it.
Though I knew it had to be Atsuta... I couldn't bear it.
But that was just because my eyes, brain, or heart had gone mad.
So I resisted the urge to break out into a cold sweat, and fought my hardest to endure this horrific daily life.
Even amidst all this, it was still safer at school.
-He- couldn't lay a hand on me while I was there.
But... aaaah... what was I going to do after?
I could barely stand the foul stench of the blobs as it was.
Girls and blobs rode their bikes through the school gate one after the next.
I felt like I was gonna lose my mind.
This was the first time I'd had a daydream this awful...
I needed to wake up... or I'd go insane...
By the time I parked my bike, my mind had been scrambled by madness and the foul stench.
If someone told me this was hell, I'd believe it.
Still, this was better.
They were just blobs. They had no intention of harming me.
So I had to endure... Endure... Endure...
But I was reaching my limit.
I'd managed to hold it back so far, but the bike lot was poorly ventilated and filled with the acrid reek of the blobs.
I gripped my stomach as it churned.
But it didn't help! I couldn't stand it any longer!
And a moment later... everything I'd been holding back up to this point finally broke loose.
...At first, I had no idea what had just happened.
Kiko must have thrown up or something.
And she had the most unfortunate luck of getting vomit on a delinquent's clothes.
Naturally, he was furious and grabbed Kiko by the collar.
...That act had likely evoked her wrath.
Kiko headbutted him right in the face, sending blood gushing from his nose to his chin.
Enraged, the delinquent lunged for Kiko, but she headbutted him again.
His blood splattered onto Kiko's face, leaving blotches behind.
The nearby girls screamed when they finally noticed the brutal fight.
⑳Wh-What the fuck are you doin'?!⑳
⑳Who gives a shit?! Waste the bitch!⑳
⑳Get the fuck away from me! Rrrarghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
That wasn't a scream. It was a war cry.
Kiko's face was a terrifying visage of indignation and repugnance.
I wanted to stop the fight right away, but I couldn't get through the ring of confused students surrounding them with their bikes.
The chaos spread and intensified in that time.
At first, the delinquents were reluctant to get in a serious fight with a girl.
But all such reservations faded once they saw the merciless depths of Kiko's berserker state.
I knew Kiko had experience fighting, but this was more like the rampage of a rabid animal.
There was no human dignity to be found in any of this violence.
She attacked like a panicked beast who'd been pushed against the wall by hunters.
Like a cornered rat fighting back.
⑳Ow! Fuck!⑳
⑳Aaghhhhhhhhhhhh! Ghhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
⑳That hurt! She bit me! The bitch bit me!⑳
⑳Fuck! She's gonna tear it off!⑳
⑳L-Let go, you bitch!⑳
⑳Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh! Aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Let me go! Let me go!⑳
⑳H-Holy shit... She's fuckin' lost it!⑳
⑳It hurts! Bring a teacher over, quick!⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh! Rrrrrrrrrrragggggggggggggggggggggh!⑳
This was no fight.
She struck, clawed, and relentlessly bit the delinquents. She was probably trying to bite their ears off.
It was like she was fighting for her life. Kiko was a frenzied animal driven by fright.
That was right. This wasn't rage—it was terror that spurred her.
Kiko didn't do this because she wanted to. She'd lost herself in some kind of fear.
I finally made my way through the ring of bicycles.
⑳Stop it, Kiko!⑳
⑳Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
Kiko howled at the top of her lungs.
She'd completely lost sight of herself.
Kiko trampled over a bicycle as she charged at me.
I silently asked for her forgiveness, and then...
⑳Ggggggggaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggggggggggggggh!⑳
⑳Yah!⑳
Though my fist was not for fighting, I buried it deep into Kiko's soft abdomen.
I winced. It must have hurt a lot.
Kiko gripped her stomach as she fell to the ground, moaning with pain.
⑳I'm sorry, Kiko. But I didn't have a choice!⑳
⑳Ughhhhhhhhhh...⑳
⑳This year... is the ninth year... The ninth year...⑳
⑳Now he's... he's...⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳Hey! What's going on here?!⑳
A group of muscular teachers finally showed up.
To them, it must have looked as though the delinquents had gotten into a personal quarrel that Kiko had been caught up in.
⑳Owwwwwwwwwwww! We didn't do nothin'!⑳
⑳Ha-Harumiya just bit us for no reason! Honest!⑳
⑳Enough! You're coming with us!⑳
⑳Harumiya, are you all right?⑳
⑳Hold on, sir!⑳
⑳Huh? Oh, Ms. Hinagata...⑳
Ms. Hinagata's intuition was right. She thought the same as me.
At this moment, Kiko was a feral beast who would attack anyone who carelessly approached her—even a teacher.
⑳It's me, Harumiya. Do you recognize me?⑳
⑳Calm down. There's no need to be scared.⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata. Thank goodness you're here...⑳
⑳I'm sorry, Susuhara, but you need to stay back.⑳
⑳R-Right...⑳
As sad as it was, Kiko would attack me too if I got close.
However, at least it seemed she bore no hostility toward Ms. Hinagata.
The two of them said a few words to each other.
Before long, Ms. Hinagata helped Kiko to her feet, and headed for the infirmary.
The delinquents were taken away by the stern-faced teachers, asserting they were victims all the way.
All that remained were fallen bikes and a concrete floor splattered with blood.
The students were dazed at first, but eventually all burst out into conversation.
The teachers shouted at them to hurry to their classes.
⑳That's the former attack squad leader for you. How great...⑳
Despite his rousing words, Natsu had grown pale as well.
...According to rumors, some of the delinquents were taken to the hospital just to be safe.
Kiko didn't return to the classroom even by lunch break.
I heard she'd been confined to the guidance counselor's room, given that she was involved in that brawl.
The classroom was abuzz with rumors about the onslaught this morning, as well as stories of Kiko's past...
Ms. Hinagata called for me during lunch.
There was plenty I wanted to ask her.
⑳Harumiya was sent home.⑳
It seemed Kiko had regained her sanity earlier that day.
But she insisted she didn't remember the fight at all.
However, there was no doubt she'd started the fight and injured multiple delinquents.
What normally would have been a fight between two parties had turned into a one-sided slaughter...
Kiko had gotten through with a few scrapes.
On the other hand, the delinquents were left bleeding. It seemed the stories of some of them being sent to the hospital were true.
Fortunately, they'd all kept their silence.
They were probably too proud to admit they'd all been so thoroughly beaten by a girl.
⑳According to what I overheard from the other teachers, she might be suspended from school.⑳
⑳I think it'd be best for her to stay home while she's struggling the way she is now anyway.⑳
⑳She's been acting strange ever since that haunting the other day.⑳
⑳Can you tell me more about that?⑳
⑳All right...⑳
I told Ms. Hinagata all about Kiko's abnormal behavior recently.
About how even though her haunting should have ended when she woke from her daydream, its effects still lingered.
⑳That means... my power really is getting weaker, doesn't it?⑳
⑳Your power has been cultivated over many years of constant training.⑳
⑳Even if you did slack on it for a while, I don't think it would decline so easily.⑳
⑳Besides, it's not like you have been slacking, right?⑳
⑳Right.⑳
⑳Then it's not your fault. Don't blame yourself.⑳
⑳Just as you suspected, this could be a rare haunting that doesn't wear off for a few days.⑳
⑳I've had those before, and so have the rest of the LCSC.⑳
⑳The other girls just happened to get through theirs without any public incidents.⑳
⑳I think Kiko's alone right now. Will she be okay?⑳
⑳I called her mother and explained the situation.⑳
⑳If she spends time with her family and rests for a while, she should feel much better.⑳
According to Ms. Hinagata, a power like the one I'd obtained through training in the Divine Tribute Style dwelled in family bonds, too.
A parent's love for their child could help ward off evil spirits as well.
Mrs. Harumiya had told Ms. Hinagata that Kiko had regained her calm and was now resting peacefully in bed.
I found it hard to believe after witnessing that berserk state of hers, but I was a bit relieved.
It seemed Kiko's mother was staying with her, too.
⑳She was feeling overwhelmed by the fear and stress the upcoming entrance exams were causing her.⑳
⑳If we spin a story like that, I think those involved will accept it. For the time being, anyway.⑳
⑳The school is worried this might affect the exams, so they've decided to just close the case without making a fuss.⑳
⑳I see. That's good...⑳
⑳It's my responsibility. I should have done more back when you first called.⑳
⑳I just thought it'd be like any other haunting. I never considered something like this...⑳
⑳Either way, I have to live with my mistake.⑳
⑳I'm responsible, too. If only I could have stopped that fight sooner...⑳
⑳No, this is on me. Don't you go blaming yourself.⑳
⑳I'll do everything I can to make sure she gets out of this fine.⑳
⑳As for you, could you try to keep people from spreading stories about Harumiya, if you can?⑳
⑳Of course.⑳
⑳That's all I had to say. Just don't fret, okay?⑳
⑳If you want to do something for her, just show her a little consideration for now.⑳
⑳All right.⑳
⑳Okay then, I've gotta call some acquaintances to lay the groundwork.⑳
⑳I have some grown-up bargaining to do before the situation gets totally FUBAR, you hear me?⑳
⑳Got it. Excuse me, then.⑳
I rose to my feet.
For now, I could only pray Kiko's emotional scars healed as soon as possible.
A haunting, huh.
To think she—no, they—had been suffering from something so painful all these years.
I was supposed to have the power to save them. So much for that.
I felt pathetic. I refused to let myself simply watch from the sidelines.
I needed to train even harder.
So that they would never suffer like this again...
⑳Oh, I forgot to ask something, Ms. Hinagata.⑳
⑳What is it?⑳
⑳Do the words 'This year is the ninth year' mean anything to you?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
Ms. Hinagata's smile instantly dropped.
Even I didn't know what it meant.
I'd only heard Kiko say that after I punched her.
I brought it up to Ms. Hinagata in hopes she might get more out of it than me.
⑳I think Kiko said something like that this morning.⑳
⑳But I don't have a clue what she was talking about...⑳
Ms. Hinagata's face grew paler by the moment.
She suddenly checked her calendar as though she'd remembered something.
⑳Counting back from this year... Six, seven, eight...⑳
⑳Nine... The ninth year. Could it be...?⑳
Ms. Hinagata crossed her arms in contemplation.
I wanted to know what she was thinking, of course.
But her eyebrows were so furrowed that I couldn't find the right time to ask.
⑳...⑳
⑳The ninth year, huh.⑳
⑳Inmates on good behavior can get out a few months early, come to think of it.⑳
⑳Maybe he's already...⑳
⑳What are you talking about?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳This might... not be a haunting.⑳
⑳What do you mean?⑳
Ms. Hinagata crossed her arms again.
After pondering for a minute, she finally broke her silence.
The grim look in her eyes made it clear I was to repeat this to no one.
⑳When she was a child...⑳
⑳...Harumiya went through something even she doesn't want to remember.⑳
The park was an all-you-can-play paradise for the children—their own personal kingdom.
The swings were thrilling, and they loved the slides.
The sandbox was their canvas to craft castles and cakes right out of their dreams; buckets and shovels their paintbrushes.
This particular park was the biggest one in the area, and there were always lots of children playing there.
It wasn't just kids, of course.
The place was also used by joggers, elderly folks taking a rest, and office workers on break.
So the children played merrily as adults watched over them.
The parents could also let their children play with each other with little to fear.
So there was nothing odd about grown-ups sitting on the benches watching the children play.
Furthermore, adults who frequented the park were recognized and accepted by the children.
That obese man was one such adult.
He was likely in his late 20s or early 30s.
He had unusually childlike eyes and would always come to play with the children in the same worn-out grey sweatshirt.
He was fond of playing with the girls, and particularly enjoyed playing house with them.
The girls wanted to play the part of the mother or older sister, but no one was lining up to play the father.
And so it was that ⑳Mr. Daddy⑳ took the lead and played that role for them. They all loved him.
...Tsubakiko Harumiya was one of said girls, and called him ⑳Daddy.⑳
There was a snack shop near the park popular with the kids that sold plenty of snacks for ten yen.
They ranged from salami flavored to salad flavored and even fish flavored. Most Japanese children had snacks like that at least once or twice.
Mr. Daddy would often buy a bag full of candy and give it out to the children in the park.
That was why they all loved him...
⑳Daddy! Welcome home!⑳
⑳Bheh heh. I'm back, Tsubakiko!⑳
⑳Come on now, give Daddy a welcome home kiss from his wonderful wife! Bheh!⑳
⑳Kissy kissy!⑳
The young girl kissed the man on the cheek.
He reciprocated with a kiss from his own thick lips.
⑳Here's a kiss for you, too! Bhee hee hee!⑳
⑳Stop it, Daddy! That tickles! It's so gross when you lick! Aha ha ha, aha ha!⑳
The man moved his mouth away, leaving a trail of saliva on the girl's cheek.
But a little girl who knew nothing of malice at the time didn't find that disgusting at all.
⑳Your dream is to become a wonderful wife, right?⑳
⑳Yeah! I'm gonna be the perfect wife!⑳
⑳Then you've gotta practice lots and lots with Daddy, don't you?⑳
⑳You'll never become a wonderful wife unless you practice all the time.⑳
⑳I know! I'll practice with you all the time, Daddy!⑳
To little girls, playing house with ⑳Daddy⑳ was a game just as much as it was a way to learn about domestic responsibilities.
...But of course...
...that man was scum who took advantage of their innocence to make those girls do whatever he wanted.
Tsubakiko was the cutest amongst the girls her age.
That was why the man set his eye on her...
Through candy and playing house under the name of ⑳wife training⑳... the man grew closer and closer to Tsubakiko.
Having an adult friend also made her feel superior to her peers.
What's more, she believed that if she continued training to be a wife, her dream would come true...
Eventually, Tsubakiko started visiting the man's apartment.
It was there that her full-blown ⑳wife training⑳ began...
⑳These are the sorts of things a loving husband and wife do together...⑳
⑳Do them, and you'll be the most wonderful wife who ever lived.⑳
⑳Come on now, you can't get ticklish, Tsubakiko...⑳
⑳Bheh heh heh bhee! Offffhhh, offhhhh, bheh heh heh heh heh!⑳
⑳Oh Tsubakiko! You're gonna be my wife, aren't you...?⑳
⑳Tsubakiko! Tsubakiko!⑳
⑳Bhhbbbhbbbh, list—listen, Tsubakiko, all you need to do is lie down. Lie down! That's good!⑳
⑳Ofhhhh, bheh, hhheh! Hheh, hheh, hfhhh!⑳
⑳Tsubakiko! Bbubabibo! Bbubabibo!⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaah! Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek!⑳
⑳What's the matter?! You're okay!⑳
⑳You had a bad dream, didn't you? Oh, you poor thing!⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
Tsubakiko fell back on her bed and collapsed in agony, clawing at her head.
It was like she was trying to tear out her own brain.
Tsubakiko's mother had seen her like this nine years before.
So she knew painfully well what emotions were tormenting her daughter.
⑳The prosecution recommended ten years. He ended up getting nine.⑳
⑳That bastard insisted to the end that he and Harumiya were friends, and that they were just playing.⑳
⑳He continued asserting his innocence even when the case reached the high court. Apparently, it took a long time to come to a verdict.⑳
⑳What's more, the police and such kept visiting Harumiya over and over again to ask what the man did and made her do.⑳
⑳And it just wouldn't end...⑳
Ms. Hinagata trembled with a rage I'd never seen from her before.
I was utterly stunned by what I heard. So much I even forgot to feel anger.
⑳But for Harumiya, the biggest shock of all was being betrayed by the man she trusted.⑳
⑳It wasn't what he did to her—it was having her purest feelings betrayed that hurt her the most.⑳
It was childish, but she'd earnestly wished to become the perfect wife.
She'd trained to make that dream come true, and ⑳Mr. Daddy⑳ had generously offered his assistance.
Some of it had been strange, unusual, and nigh-unbearable, but it was all in order to become the perfect wife.
No matter how repulsive his actions objectively were, she'd believed those were wonderful times that would help her fulfill her dream.
Then one day... the adults suddenly barged in and flipped everything she'd believed in right on its head.
Her parents and the police consoled her every time they met, and spoke ill of Mr. Daddy.
At first, Tsubakiko didn't understand any of it.
But gradually, she came to understand what had been done to her.
At that moment, all negatives and positives in her world were inverted...
⑳Aaaaaaaaaah, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳It hurts! It hurts! I can't do it anymore!⑳
⑳I'm so sorry... I'm so sorry! You still can't forget, can you?!⑳
⑳Men are scum! All of them should die! Die, die, die! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳For everyone else, it was only a few days... but it felt far longer for her.⑳
⑳So she decided to lock away those horrific memories to protect her mind and body.⑳
⑳What do you mean by that?⑳
⑳Exactly what I said. One day, they all just faded from her mind.⑳
⑳She completely forgot everything before as though it'd never happened.⑳
⑳Her mind sealed her memories away so they couldn't hurt her anymore.⑳
From that day onward, she was liberated from her suffering.
But then she changed completely, as if denying everything she'd been up to that point.
⑳Put simply, she developed a striking hatred of men, and an aggressiveness that was the flip side of her fear.⑳
⑳Gradually, she started becoming more combative and would get into violent brawls with boys in her school.⑳
⑳And it just kept on escalating.⑳
⑳It was like she wanted to separate herself from her old dream as much as possible...⑳
⑳So that's why she got involved with a delinquent group...⑳
⑳They must have welcomed her fierce aggression with open arms.⑳
⑳In due time, she became a legend within the group, and successfully forged a new identity.⑳
Her innocent wish had led to the vilest betrayal from a man she'd trusted.
So she fought to bury the sorrow and fury in her heart.
Kiko's room probably looked a little disturbing to people seeing it for the first time.
...But it wasn't.
That room was a testament to the strength and determination Kiko had wielded to crawl out from the depths of sorrow.
⑳But ever since she entered high school, she cut ties with her past self and restarted her dream to be a good wife.⑳
⑳You of all people should understand just how much resolve that must have taken.⑳
⑳...⑳
All I could do was look to the ceiling and fight back the boundless rage and sadness that threatened to spill from my eyes.
She'd chosen to trust and return to the dream that'd been snatched from her as a child once again...
⑳What strength...⑳
Now I understood what those words had meant.
⑳This year is the ninth year.⑳
How terrified she must have felt remembering this was the year that his sentence ended...
⑳This... isn't a haunting.⑳
⑳Yes. You're probably right.⑳
⑳It's her emotional trauma, resurfacing after all this time...⑳
I understood now.
Kiko was afraid of that man returning once he was released from prison.
That fear was what truly plagued her.
⑳...⑳
⑳But why did she suddenly remember something like that?⑳
Recalling it out of the blue for no reason sounded too good to be true.
Kiko was a strong girl who'd faced the pain in her heart over several years.
It was hard to believe she'd just suddenly revert to fear without any trigger.
⑳You don't think...⑳
⑳Maybe she saw that man...?⑳
⑳What's wrong, Kiko?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Oh, sorry...⑳
⑳You keep turning around, you know that?⑳
⑳I don't think that's smart when you're riding a bike.⑳
⑳Aha ha, sorry about that.⑳
⑳I'm a good, good girl, so I'm always checking if cars are coming just to be safe.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Sure it isn't something greater than that?⑳
⑳Like, I dunno, you're a spy worried about a tail?⑳
⑳You shouldn't push yourself. Take the day off.⑳
⑳It's fine. I think it's safer at school than here, anyway.⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
⑳You know, there are a lot of people at school, right? The more there are, um...⑳
⑳Th-The harder it is for weirdos to get to you...⑳
⑳C-Could he really have come back?!⑳
⑳Prisoners can be released early on good behavior. With this being the ninth year since his conviction, it wouldn't be odd for him to return to town at any time.⑳
⑳Hello? This is Harumiya.⑳
⑳Oh, thank you. I'll be right there. Excuse me.⑳
⑳Sorry, Tsubakiko. The deliveryman brought the new fridge over.⑳
⑳I need to go for a bit, but I'll be right back.⑳
⑳...What do you think? Do you want to go with me?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳No... I'm fine.⑳
⑳Go ahead. But please hurry back.⑳
⑳Yes, of course. Just rest here until I return.⑳
Mrs. Harumiya left Tsubakiko's room.
A small truck with a refrigerator on its bay was parked outside.
Mrs. Harumiya hurried down the stairs.
...An unsettling pair of eyes observed that from a nearby alley.
⑳Bhehhhh. Ehheh heh heh ehh hehh...⑳
⑳*slurp* Bbubabibo...⑳
⑳Daddy's come for his wife...⑳
Tsubakiko heard the clatter of someone trying to open the door.
She wondered if her mother was back.
*clatter* *clatter* *clatter*
*clatter* *clatter*
They seemed to have trouble unlocking it.
⑳Mom? Is everything okay?⑳
⑳Need me to open it?⑳
*clatter* *clatter* *clatter*
*clatter* *clatter* *clatter* *clatter*
Something wasn't right. It was like they were trying to force the lock open with the wrong key.
Tsubakiko's body went numb with absolute fear.
It was -him-...
It couldn't possibly be anyone else. He must have brought a spare key to enter her room. She was sure of it.
(I have to call for help—n-no, I have to put the chain up!)
But going over to the clattering door to put up the chain was scarier than anything else.
So all she could do was stand frozen in fear.
*click*
Just then, the door handle turned with a light sound...
...and slowly opened.
Tsubakiko was petrified. Like an animal in its den cornered by a vicious predator.
She could only watch as the visitor showed themselves.
⑳...⑳
⑳Aaaah...⑳
⑳Ahhhhh, aaaaaah...⑳
Her voice refused to come out. She simply flapped her lips like a beached fish.
Because the intruder was none other than...
⑳Eek...⑳
⑳...Aaah, aaaah, aaaaaaah...⑳
Bbubabibo...
I'm here...
⑳Ghh...!⑳
Daddy's home...
Come on, bheh, remember what I taught you?
When Daddy gets home...
⑳Eeek, ghh, aaah, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
...you have to give him a kiss! Now do it!
The man lunged forward in his dirty shoes the moment Tsubakiko tried to scream.
His thick hand covered her mouth.
He'd cunningly locked the door and the chain at some point.
⑳Mmmmmmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!⑳
⑳Tsubakiko—*slurp*—I'm home...⑳
⑳You've grown so beautiful in these past nine years...!⑳
⑳Daddy couldn't be happier! Bhah heh!⑳
⑳Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!⑳
The man pushed Tsubakiko onto her bed, his hand still stifling her screams.
⑳Let me kiss you! Here's that welcome-home kiss!⑳
⑳Mmmmmmmmmmmmm!⑳
No matter how hard she struggled, Tsubakiko was no match for the man's strength and physique.
He slowly but surely approached her face... and planted his filthy lips on hers.
The stench of plaque and sweat spread through her mouth, bringing back a nightmare of that day...
Tsubakiko Tsubakiko, poor thing poor thing...
Huh? Why are you saying that? I don't understand...
Where's Mr. Daddy? Why did the policeman take him away?
He he was a bad man a bad man, he'll pay he'll pay.
Honey honey, stop it stop it, not in front of Tsubakiko in front of Tsubakiko.
Listen, Tsubakiko. That man was a very bad person.
He he did horrible horrible things to you and called it wife training...
Mr. Daddy... was a bad person?
That's right that's right... He tricked you tricked you into doing terrible terrible things with him...
How dare he how dare he do that to Tsubakiko Tsubakiko. He'll pay he'll pay.
Honey stop it honey stop it, violence violence won't solve won't solve anything...
Tsubakiko Tsubakiko that man that man tricked tricked you you...
⑳Ughhhh...⑳
⑳Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhh...⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
Tsubakiko slowly staggered to her feet and screamed.
Her face was contorted into a mask of ferocity, as it always was when she beat back her terror with rage.
Regardless, however, that was her strength.
⑳How dare you... How dare you trick me!⑳
⑳How dare you... How dare you... use my dream... like that!⑳
⑳I'm not the powerless little girl I used to be!⑳
⑳I've been waiting. Waiting for this chance!⑳
*wham*
The floor shook with a rumble. Dust fell from the ceiling.
A giant blob was creeping down the stairs.
That hideous freak of nature was -him-. No doubt about it.
⑳Bbubabibo! Bi babe bob bou!⑳
⑳Shut the hell up! Your breath fuckin' reeks!⑳
Tsubakiko's trusty metal bat had appeared in her hands out of nowhere.
She raised it and charged.
Tsubakiko pummeled the blob over and over.
It groaned and shook each time.
⑳Don't you fuck with me! You ain't gettin' me!⑳
⑳You bastard! You fucking bastard!⑳
⑳I'll fuckin' kill you before you ever get your filthy hands on me again!⑳
She struck the blob again and again with that defiant roar.
However, she didn't know if her attacks were working on the towering creature.
They only looked as effective as a child hitting something with a rolled-up newspaper.
But Tsubakiko didn't lose heart. Her fighting spirit blazed fierce as ever.
The blob's disgusting shape was -his- obese stomach she'd seen back then—when her eyes only reached up to that level.
It only looked this big to her because of the impression it'd left when she saw it that day!
⑳I ain't scared! You're not a monster or a giant or anything!⑳
⑳You're just a short little fatso, that's all!⑳
Tsubakiko's valiant assault continued when she saw the abhorrent blob.
Anyone who knew what pain she'd suffered would tear up at the valiant struggle she mustered. It was a sign of how much she'd grown.
...Unfortunately, reality wasn't so kind.
Her swings grew slower with time as she gasped for air.
Even she had no choice but to accept her attacks were ineffective.
Seizing that chance, long tongues like tentacles extended from the blob's obese stomach and ensnared the bat.
They swallowed it in the blink of an eye, crunching loudly on the metal.
⑳You... monster...⑳
⑳Bhee hee hee! Slllllllllllrp!⑳
⑳A child can't defeat an adult!⑳
⑳There's no way such a tiny little girl can stand against such power and size!⑳
The blob's roar and foul breath startled Tsubakiko.
Just then, it charged at her like a giant toad.
She was overwhelmed by its vast size in the blink of an eye.
Tsubakiko fought hard, but she had no way of resisting the giant blob leaning over her.
⑳Dammit! Move! Get the fuck off me!⑳
⑳A little girl like you can't fight back against an adult like me!⑳
⑳Dammit, dammit, dammit!⑳
No matter how hard she struggled, it only drilled home that she was powerless against the blob.
Her body was giving out faster than her heart.
She continued cursing as she fought to keep her spirit from yielding...
The blob's drool dripped on her face.
And as the hideous creature's lips and tongue desecrated her own without reserve, she heard her heart shatter...
Tsubakiko shed bitter tears. She shut her eyes and mouth, a small bit of resistance against the man licking her face over and over.
As much as she hated to admit it...
...she knew she didn't stand a chance against an adult—a man—him.
She tried to act tough, but she was little more than a doll to an adult man.
So all she could do was be a doll until he was done playing with her.
⑳Ugh...⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaah, aaah, aah, aah...⑳
She couldn't stop weeping from the pain and sorrow of having her very autonomy denied.
Eventually, the blob stepped back and picked her up.
She could resist no further.
After all... she was already a doll.
Her limbs had become ball-jointed at some point.
The blob bent her joints and played with her like the doll she was.
After this, he'd play with her in those filthy, adult ways—just like back then.
If she was destined to feel such pain, then she wished her heart could have been the same as it was that day.
That innocent day when she'd believed that she would become a wonderful wife someday if she put up with his training.
If she was still as innocent... then it wouldn't have hurt nearly as badly.
⑳You've finally quieted down... Bbubabibo...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Call me Daddy, just like you used to...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳If you do, I'll play gentle with you, just like I used to...⑳
⑳I'll make you the perfect wife this time, Bbubabibo...⑳
Call him Daddy...
Her fate was to be the wife of this hideous monster...
⑳...⑳
⑳...Da...⑳
I'll never let filth like you take Kiko as your wife.
I'll never let filth like you take Kiko as your wife.
⑳Ahh!⑳
⑳Su-Suzumu?! Suzumu?! Where are you?! Save me!⑳
⑳Bhhhhhh?! Bhhhhh?!⑳
⑳You're not powerless, Kiko. I know just how strong you truly are...⑳
⑳Suzumu! Where are you?! Save me! Save me!⑳
⑳No, I won't be the one saving you.⑳
⑳You'll be saving yourself. With your own strength.⑳
Suzumu had suddenly appeared in this crazy world.
Though he looked the same as always, he had this nearly divine aura about him.
His eyes blazed scarlet and glared at the blob with conviction.
⑳Wh-What... are... you?⑳
⑳I have no name for the likes of you.⑳
⑳Tsu-Tsubakiko is m-my wife...⑳
⑳Don't say another word. Your evil makes me sick.⑳
⑳Ughh... ghhh...⑳
Though Suzumu was the smaller one, he was clearly intimidating the blob.
⑳I know what you really are.⑳
⑳Bhhh...⑳
⑳So you won't get your way anymore.⑳
The blob moaned and shrunk back.
Now free, Tsubakiko staggered to her feet.
⑳Su-Suzumu...⑳
⑳Kiko, finish him. You can do it.⑳
⑳I-I can't...⑳
⑳I'm too weak. I'm no match for an adult... for a grown man...⑳
⑳That thing is neither an adult nor a man. It isn't human, nor is it even a monster.⑳
⑳Ghh... H-How did you...⑳
⑳You don't even exist. You're nothing more than passing smoke destined to fade away.⑳
⑳Because in reality, you—⑳
⑳Ghh, don't say it! Bob'b bab bib!⑳
You died in prison two years ago!
You died in prison two years ago!
⑳Bhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaah!⑳
The blob screamed and writhed.
Blisters appeared all over its body and ruptured one after another, like it was being burned on the inside.
Faced with the fact that it no longer existed, the blob collapsed, unable to maintain its form.
⑳Listen, Kiko! That man doesn't exist anymore! He'll never hurt you again! He can't!⑳
⑳H-He no longer exists...⑳
⑳That thing is malice incarnate! It merely took on his appearance as the manifestation of your trauma to make you suffer again!⑳
⑳You can overcome it! I know you can! You're strong!⑳
⑳Now, Kiko! Destroy this nightmare once and for all! With your own hands!⑳
Tsubakiko realized she was no longer a doll. The metal bat was lying at her feet.
⑳You motherfucker... Y-You've been dead for years?⑳
⑳Bibobbibbe, bob bib bou bee bbboubb be?!⑳
⑳S-So I'll never see you again?⑳
⑳H-Ha ha... What a joke. Then I've been scared of some man who isn't even around anymore?⑳
⑳How dare you make a punk outta me...⑳
⑳You—You piece of shit...⑳
⑳Rrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaghhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
Tsubakiko's rage revived her fighting spirit.
Things were different this time around. Each time Tsubakiko swung the bat, the blob was smashed. It groaned and retreated!
Tsubakiko smote the blob with righteous indignation!
All the sorrow and anguish from all those years back surged forth with every swing!
Eventually, a man's head poked up from the crushed blob.
It was the same man from Tsubakiko's nightmares!
⑳I'm... going to become... the perfect... wife...⑳
⑳I won't let... some fucking bastard like you... take that dream away from me!⑳
⑳St-St-Stop it, Bbubabibo!⑳
⑳It's Tsubakiko, you son of a bitch!⑳
⑳Eat shit and die! Take this and fuck off forever!⑳
⑳I am Tsubakiko Harumiya, leader of the Bloodstained Angels' attack squad! And I've got a bat with your name on it!⑳
⑳Stoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooop!⑳
The blob burst into light the moment the bat smashed into the man's forehead.
Tsubakiko fell to her knees like a stringless puppet.
Having defeated her trauma with her own hands, she fell deep into a sea of sleep.
Its waters enveloped her gently and affectionately.
Just then, a figure with antlers emerged from the light...
⑳I... don't... believe it!⑳
The divine curse was beside herself.
Not even she could have imagined Tsubakiko overcoming the manifestation of her mental trauma by her own hands!
⑳Suzumu... Susuhara... What a frightening man you are!⑳
⑳I'm grateful to you.⑳
⑳Thanks to you, Kiko found a chance to overcome the pain deep in her heart.⑳
⑳I'm grateful you gave her the chance to defeat that monster not by my aid, but with her own strength.⑳
⑳U-Unless I dispose of you here and now, you shall surely prove an obstacle to our dearest wish!⑳
The divine curse raised her hands, and a giant hatchet appeared with radiant light.
Its thick blade alone was as tall as Suzumu.
But Suzumu wasn't afraid. Quite the contrary—his face brimmed with gratitude toward the divine curse!
⑳I dedicate this with gratitude... to God.⑳
Suzumu slowly raised his fist and made his dedication.
Dazzling light gradually gathered in that fist.
⑳Our dearest wish is to bring peace to our brother's soul!⑳
⑳I shall not let you stand in our way, Suzumu Susuhara! Descendant of Mutsu!⑳
⑳Hajakensho—crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path.⑳
⑳Die!⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
Afterwards, Kiko was suspended from school for three days as punishment for fighting the delinquents.
However, those days were no doubt peaceful for her.
As for why, Ms. Hinagata came to her door with a copy of a document proving that man had grown ill in prison and died.
That single sheet of paper set her free from the pain that had festered in her heart for the last nine years.
⑳Thank you for today. I think Kiko can rest easy now.⑳
⑳They make such a big fuss about criminal rights these days. It was a real pain to get this document.⑳
⑳I'm sure it paid off, though.⑳
⑳That's true.⑳
⑳A scrap of paper's a small price to pay if it means healing her heart.⑳
⑳Her suspension ends tomorrow. Will she be all right to go back?⑳
⑳I think so.⑳
⑳But she's worried rumors are spreading because of the fight.⑳
⑳Heh heh. Well, the rumors already ended in a flash.⑳
The fight was the talk of the school when it happened.
But those who hadn't seen it themselves found it hard to believe a single girl had beaten up all those delinquents entirely on her own.
What's more, said delinquents had kept quiet on the matter, too embarrassed to admit they'd been trounced by a girl.
The rumor mill had stopped grinding in just three days.
After all, no one believed such a dainty girl with dreams of becoming the perfect wife was actually the former leader of the Bloodstained Angels' attack squad.
Besides, Natsu and I had done some work of our own.
So Kiko could return to school in peace.
The afternoon air was crisp.
Kiko dropped by as I was practicing in the yard.
Her face was bright, as if a heavy load had been lifted from her shoulders.
⑳That's a nice smile you've got there.⑳
⑳Thanks. I had a really good dream, you see.⑳
⑳Really? About what?⑳
⑳Umm...⑳
⑳Eheh heh, it was kinda violent, so it's a big, big secret!⑳
⑳But I feel so at ease. It's been ages since I've felt so relaxed...⑳
⑳Aha ha, that's good to know.⑳
⑳Hey, Suzumu?⑳
⑳Yes?⑳
⑳Remember what you said back then?⑳
⑳'I'll never let filth like you take Kiko as your wife.'⑳
⑳Really? I said that? I must have gotten lost in the moment...⑳
⑳It made me really happy.⑳
⑳You wanted to keep me safe. You were so kind. So reliable.⑳
⑳Come on. You're making me blush...⑳
⑳Hey, listen.⑳
⑳Do you think it's okay for me to take another go at fulfilling my dream?⑳
⑳Of course.⑳
⑳You won't just be any wife. You'll be the perfect wife.⑳
⑳And I'll be keeping a close eye on you when that day finally comes.⑳
⑳Because I want to make sure the man you marry is worthy of someone as wonderful as you.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I'm glad to hear that. Thank you, Suzumu.⑳
⑳Wait... Actually, I dunno if I should be happy about that... Oh geez...⑳
Kiko furrowed her eyebrows, but her face was all smiles.
After Kiko returned to school for the first time in days, she was swarmed by our classmates.
Her eyes went wide with confusion.
⑳Wh-What's going on? G-Good morning, everyone!⑳
⑳I heard the rumors! Did you really beat up a whole group of pissed-off delinquents?!⑳
⑳You seriously beat up those good-for-nothings who hang out at the bike lot?! You must be strong as hell!⑳
⑳Harumiya's a great vigilante, that's why! She showed those punks who's boss!⑳
⑳I hate those guys! They always gave me the creeps!⑳
⑳They haven't caused any trouble at all since you showed them what for!⑳
Natsu and I had spread rumors while Kiko was absent.
The delinquents had gotten in a fight with Kiko after she'd warned them to quit messing with others, and she'd wiped the floor with all of them.
Those rumors had reached the delinquents too, of course, but they hadn't said anything.
It was only natural. They probably didn't want to get mixed up with Kiko again after what she'd put them through.
Kiko hadn't imagined in her wildest dreams that she'd receive a hero's welcome.
Embarrassed, she declined everyone's badgering for details of her heroic tale and sat herself down.
Thanks to Ms. Hinagata's careful machinations, Kiko's reputation remained mostly intact with the teachers, too.
Kiko owed it all to her positive behavior so far.
Psychological episodes and sudden outbursts were not uncommon during adolescence.
Kiko's episode would likely be chalked up as one of those and be quietly forgotten.
Fortunately, it didn't seem like the delinquents were badly hurt, either.
I felt a little bad for them, but at least we could put the whole thing behind us.
⑳'Ey there, Boss! It's been a whole three days! Welcome back!⑳
⑳Even the freshmen have heard all about your heroic exploit.⑳
⑳The boys are especially getting carried away. Some are talking about how they'd like to serve you or call you Boss.⑳
⑳Talk about the lady or the tiger, am I right? Nyeh heh heh!⑳
⑳Let's just leave it at that for now. I don't want to make Kiko uncomfortable.⑳
⑳After everything people have been saying to me today, I dunno know if I'm just used to it or if I've simply given up on trying to correct them...⑳
⑳Hey, we should all call Harumiya 'Boss' from now on!⑳
⑳Not. A. Chance! Call me that again and we're not friends anymore!⑳
⑳Waaah! Have mercy, Boss!⑳
⑳You actually said it?! I'll kill you! Your ass is mine! I'm gonna slaughter ya, Natsuya Atsuta!⑳
Kiko's face was cheery as she chased Natsu around the room.
⑳If you were an idol, your life would be good as over after an incident like that.⑳
⑳But Harumiya managed to gain some respect out of it. I must admit, I am a little jealous.⑳
⑳Don't you dare get jealous over something like that!⑳
⑳Even a lot of the senior boys have fallen for you, Kiki.⑳
⑳Guys from the karate club and judo club in particular are begging to get to know you.⑳
⑳Guess this is what they mean by 'after the rain comes the rainbow.'⑳
⑳It's only a matter of time before your shoe locker is flooded with love letters.⑳
⑳You're gonna be drowning in love confessions till ya pick one!⑳
⑳Just think of how popular you'll be! It'll be great!⑳
⑳I'm sure at least one of them will be worthy of calling you their wonderful wife.⑳
⑳Why are you acting like this doesn't concern you?⑳
⑳You're the one who's gonna be the judge of whether I've got what it takes to live up to that ideal wifely image, after all.⑳
⑳Huh? R-Really?⑳
⑳Anyway, I can't introduce anyone to you unless they're kind who can measure up to you.⑳
⑳They're gonna have a rough, rough road ahead of them if they wanna be my boyfriend!⑳
⑳Someone greater than Suzumun, huh...⑳
⑳That is indeed quite a high standard to beat...⑳
⑳You'll never be a wife if you say things like that, Kiko.⑳
⑳Huh? You think so?⑳
⑳Hmm, I suppose you're right. I guess it'll be your fault if I miss my chance to marry 'cause you're too perfect.⑳
⑳W-Wait, don't pin this on me...⑳
⑳Whoa there, Harumiya. You know the great Susuhara might be busy finding his own wonderful wife too, right?⑳
⑳Oh, is that an ultra-rare card lying in the schoolyard?!⑳
⑳What?! Where?! Where?!⑳
Right when Natsuya tried to leap from the window to the school yard...
...Tsubakiko grabbed Suzumu a bit roughly and planted a kiss on his lips.
Kanae, Riria, and Suzumu himself were wide-eyed with shock.
⑳Suzumu doesn't need to waste time looking.⑳
⑳Because I'm claiming him in advance.⑳
⑳B-But you might find someone better in time... right?⑳
⑳I can bet everything I have that there's no such person. And even if there is, I won't care.⑳
⑳Sh-She's showing off, isn't she...?⑳
⑳I agree with her. There certainly isn't a single man alive who could measure up to Susuhara.⑳
⑳But there's no guarantee he won't find a better woman than Harumiya, now, is there?⑳
⑳Right on. You know what they say: There's plenty of fish in the sea.⑳
⑳It's common for modern idols to marry non-celebrities these days, didn't you know?⑳
Tsubakiko punched her palm with a daring smirk.
⑳Sure you wanna keep runnin' those traps? I'll waste ya!⑳
⑳If it's a fight with Tsubakiko Harumiya ya want, it's a fight you'll get!⑳
⑳Ghhh... I was so close to taking over Tsubakiko's body...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳The soot... of Mutsu's descendant... was in... my grasp...⑳
⑳...Aghhh...⑳
⑳...⑳
Toé Kurokami
⑳I did not expect for you to fall as well...⑳
⑳But I have inherited all of your soot and resentment.⑳
Once, four of them had sat in this desolate doll memorial hall.
Now, only one was left.
It symbolized how Suzumu had foiled his assailants at every turn.
But it was also a symbol of how the divided soot had now gathered as one.
The soot not only symbolized the curse, it made its manifestation even stronger.
She heaved a sigh.
It was heavy and full of malediction. That act alone burst several doll heads.
She slowly stood up and opened her eyes.
That act alone created thunder and robbed the sky of its brilliance.
⑳I've gathered enough soot... Enough of the curse... Enough power...⑳
⑳I could easily bring about a befitting calamity as I am now, naturally.⑳
⑳However, I cannot disregard that man-demon who defeated my sisters at every turn...⑳
⑳I shall drink his soot.⑳
⑳And then I shall bring a calamity unto this land with a curse all the blacker than I could wreak now...⑳
I felt the unease—no, the pain—of another boulder in my stomach.
My stomach was flat to the touch, but I felt swollen to the point of bursting at the seams.
I'd suffered discomfort from this sensation before, but this was completely different.
The boulders felt like they were gathering together and attempting to rupture my stomach from the inside out. It was pure agony.
I suddenly keeled over and vomited.
But the moment I threw up, the boulders felt like they were stacking up even higher inside me.
I heaved over and over again, but nothing came out.
But the tearing pain in my stomach refused to leave...
⑳...Is... this... my... limit...?⑳
I didn't know if I could take any more.
Was this not the pain my ancestors had endured this past millennium?
But this level of agony must have been the pain the mother of the quintuplets had felt.
The soot within me was trying to break the seal and burst free of its containment...
My face was clammy with sweat, yet I rose to my feet.
I... I could still hold out for a while longer...
I still dreamed of a miracle, too...
I believed that if I could endure but one more day, salvation would arrive.
⑳*cough* Khh... aagh...⑳
A splitting pain shot through my body.
This was it for me...
The bell from the main hall flashed through my mind.
Right... Now was the time... to do as my mother's will said.
I would meet my end in that cold, bronze bell...
⑳...I still promise I'll break that thing and save you. You can count on it.⑳
⑳...I still promise I'll break that thing and save you. You can count on it.⑳
I glimpsed a blurry memory of a scene I'd either never witnessed or had forgotten so completely that it seemed utterly foreign to me.
No one could possibly break that cold bell—that fate—that had served as the trigger for our thousand years of suffering.
⑳I won't know unless I try.⑳
Susuhara had said that as though it were nothing.
⑳...Can someone who can't even knock over a tree break something made of bronze?⑳
⑳Bronze? How thick are we talking?⑳
⑳Who knows? Perhaps as thick as your fist?⑳
⑳Yeah, I definitely couldn't pull that off. That sounds like a job for a cannon.⑳
⑳...Heh heh heh heh heh heh...⑳
I knew it. Susuhara couldn't save me...
⑳However...⑳
My heart dared to skip a beat.
My eyes found their way to Susuhara's, and I breathed in...
His expression was serene as a tranquil lake.
His gaze was wholeheartedly sincere.
⑳If breaking that will save you, then...⑳
⑳...I'll train some more...⑳
⑳...and break that thing with my fist someday. I swear it.⑳
Was he serious...?
At that moment, I saw it.
The glint in his eyes wasn't that of a deluded human who possessed no foresight whatsoever.
They burned a divine, scarlet glow—one I'd never seen before.
So he truly was Mutsu...
I'd known from the moment I saw him.
And then, cursing my body that bore too much soot for us to be together, I screamed that it was all too late.
Ten years too late. A hundred years too late. A thousand years too late.
But Mutsu had come back to me after a millennium. That was a miracle in and of itself.
...Oh, of course. So my miracle had already been used up...
Then I really was the last one.
I would mark the end to the thousand years of suffering.
He might have been too late, but I was glad I'd been granted the miracle of Mutsu's return.
You're too late, Suzumu Susuhara...
You're ten years too late. A hundred years too late. A thousand years too late...
Why didn't you save me back then?
You're too late... You're too late...
⑳You're ten years too late. A hundred years too late. A thousand years too late. Ha ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳I won't know unless I try.⑳
Susuhara didn't hesitate a moment.
He interrupted my bitter ramblings with a warm smile.
⑳...I'll train some more...⑳
⑳...and break that thing with my fist someday. I swear it.⑳
⑳And how long do you think that will take?⑳
⑳Good question. In that sense, it may be too late, just as you said.⑳
⑳Ten, a hundred, no, even a thousand years might not be enough. Ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳But even so...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...I'm going to break that thing and save you. I promise.⑳
As if I had a thousand years to wait for his training.
Ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha...
But—his valiant declaration warmed my heart.
There was a violent flash in the sky, followed by thunder loud enough to strip the bark off a withered tree.
Even those indoors cowered in fear.
However, Suzumu continued training without batting an eye.
Something felt strange about his punches today.
The sensation was different.
And the more he punched, the surer he became that he was on the verge of some kind of breakthrough.
That certainty filled his heart with an odd sense of elation as he sensed he would reach a level never before attained.
That feeling only grew stronger with every punch.
And so he didn't even register the thunder.
Not even the cold downpour could dull his mind.
He shook off the rain as his punches grew more and more precise.
Though the storm was chilling his shoulders, his body was blazing hot from the inside out.
Steam faintly rose from his collar and cuffs.
It was an awe-inspiring sight—like he was ascending to some sort of divine realm.
And in fact, that was what he was trying to achieve.
An outsider might find that hard to believe with a boy so young.
But his training—no. Not just his.
His ancestors' thousand years of training, the long discipline that had begun with Mutsu's promise, was on the verge of reaching fruition.
Suzumu could feel that in his fist.
Three times had the curse festering in his friends' mental trauma targeted him, and three times he had emerged victorious.
Of course, they were nothing compared to the curse that dwelled within Toé. In hindsight, perhaps they'd all simply been weak.
But they were all part of the divine curse regardless.
And Suzumu had destroyed all three of them.
During his third victory, Suzumu had felt a different sensation than before.
And ever since then, the more he trained, the closer he could sense himself approaching the realm of the gods.
It wouldn't be long until he reached it.
The roar of the rain grew stronger, resembling a waterfall.
Eventually, Suzumu began to feel like he was really punching the cliffs behind a waterfall...
Just then, he noticed the heavens were shining bright.
A light shone through the clouds as though from the top of a faraway waterfall.
It bore a dignified and divine presence as it mixed with the waterfall's sprays, creating a rainbow.
A booming voice echoed from far beyond that brilliance.
Suzumu knew then and there that it was the god to whom the fist of the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style had always been dedicated.
That voice was gentle and clear, with a solemnity and grandeur that could only belong to a deity.
I am Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto.
O Mutsu, you have toiled hard to dedicate that fist to me for a thousand years...
I shall endow that fist with a miracle here and now, just as you have wished.
But be warned.
A miracle granted by a god is far too powerful for a human body to withstand.
Should you bring about this miracle with that fragile vessel of yours...
...even I cannot vouchsafe that you shall survive.
These thousand years must have been sufficient for you.
You have had time to mend your resentment and rage, along with the pain of your blighted love—or else to lose them all in the seas of oblivion.
So you are not obligated to seek of me this miracle.
For the strength to keep on living is a noble power greater than any miracle man seeks.
⑳No.⑳
⑳Everything up to this day has been to bring her—no, their—suffering to an end.⑳
⑳They have devoted their lives for the past thousand years solely to keeping the curse sealed.⑳
⑳If my body is the only price that must be paid to bring an end to that...⑳
⑳...then I will gladly bring about a miracle with this fist.⑳
That is precisely what I expected to hear.
I have borne witness to the unyielding strength of your resolve.
Very well. I shall bestow the power of miracles unto your fist...
But as the turn of a gear compels another, so shall this miracle brought forth by a god...
...bring forth the divine curse, in turn.
If that miracle dwells in your fist, then you haven't a moment to spare.
If you are to bring about a miracle, you must... make... haste...
...
...
Suzumu... Suzumu...
⑳Suzumu, hang in there!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Ki...ko...⑳
⑳Are you okay?! How long have you been lying in the rain?! You're totally soaked!⑳
⑳Rain...⑳
I came to lying face-up on the ground, rain pouring on my face as I looked up to the sky...
Kiko was making a fuss about me catching a cold or getting struck by lightning... but none of that concerned me.
I felt I'd made an important decision in my dream.
Though I'd lost all memory of it when I woke up...
...I knew it was a momentous decision I'd made of my own will—one that would dictate my fate.
That conviction resided in my heart, blazing quietly but fiercely.
The heat was intense.
Like a tiny sphere of scorched iron had bored itself into my chest.
⑳You're burning up! You really did catch a cold!⑳
⑳...You're right. I am.⑳
⑳But don't worry. I'm perfectly fine.⑳
⑳A-Are you sure you're okay?⑳
⑳Yeah. Sorry to worry you.⑳
⑳I'm going to take a shower and get changed.⑳
⑳Suzumu...⑳
I could feel a ball of heat burning in my chest.
Though it was blazing hot, it brought no pain or discomfort.
Slowly but surely, I could feel it spreading through my blood vessels and into my fists.
Though I couldn't remember what my dream was about...
...I knew this had to be a divine inspiration.
It wasn't arrogance or hubris speaking. Purely conviction.
⑳...⑳
⑳Dad...⑳
⑳I have now perfected...⑳
⑳...the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style.⑳
The heat in my chest didn't cool even after I went to bed.
Quite the opposite—it grew hotter and hotter and continued surging into my fists.
I had countless dreams in my slumber.
They were our memories of the past thousand years.
The memories of Mutsu, who dedicated his life to training under a waterfall.
In order to bring about the miracle of crushing unjust malice and demonstrating the righteous path.
Eventually, that will was condensed into a single word:
Hajakensho.
Crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path.
In order to crush the unjust evil of the curse she and her descendants had been forced to bear, and demonstrate the righteous path forward.
Mutsu's descendants grew up witnessing his dedication and training, and inherited it from him in turn.
In order to obtain the fist to crush evil and demonstrate the righteous path.
In order to keep the promise of dedicating it to God for a thousand years.
The faces of my ancestors who had upheld that oath passed by one after another.
Hundreds of years flew by in the blink of an eye.
As time passed, the ultimate objective behind the Divine Tribute Style was eventually forgotten.
But in spite of that, Mutsu's conviction held true, and his descendants continued to dedicate their fists to God with fervor.
The memories of my great-grandfather, grandfather, and father—along with the noble training they'd accumulated—flooded into me like a raging stream.
And now, the time had come!
After a thousand years, the miracle Mutsu had desired had finally arrived!
The will of my father, grandfather, great-grandfather...
...and the one who started it all—Mutsu...
...coursed through me.
⑳Suzunome! I'll save you!⑳
⑳Get out of my way! I won't let you stop me!⑳
⑳Pin him down! Kill him if you have to!⑳
⑳E-Eeeeeeeeeeeeek! I-It's a demon!⑳
⑳Do not falter! Just lower the bell!⑳
⑳Suzunome! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
No miracle had dwelled in Mutsu's fist back then.
But he wished for one, even if it would take a thousand years to arrive.
And I would see it through.
I would put an end to this.
I would save Suzunome and her daughters.
Kurokami...
I swear I will save you!
The next day, I was still partially in a dream even after waking up.
I could remember last night's dream as clear as day, as though it'd been etched into my soul.
The flame in my chest grew warmer. My fists were burning with scorching heat.
But this wasn't enough.
The heat would keep growing stronger and feeding the flames in my fists.
God's miracle needed some time to settle in a human body.
But I could tell that wouldn't take long.
Soon the time came to leave.
I decided to go to school.
That way, I could see Kurokami.
I wanted to let her know she would soon be released from the suffering of the curse.
A ray of hope would be just what she needed right now.
I needed her to know as soon as possible.
⑳Suzumu, I really do think you've got a fever.⑳
⑳I am a little warm, but I'm completely fine.⑳
⑳You shouldn't push yourself. Why don't you take the day off?⑳
⑳I can't afford to do that. I'm aiming for perfect attendance too.⑳
⑳Mmm, well, don't say I didn't tell you so if you get worse, okay?⑳
...Kurokami wasn't there.
⑳Kurokami? She's not here yet.⑳
⑳She comes in whenever she wants to. Man, wouldn't it be great if we had that luxury?⑳
⑳Do you need something from her?⑳
⑳Sort of. I just want to tell her something.⑳
⑳She might be here for afternoon classes or club.⑳
⑳That's the great Kurokami for you. Passing through like a spring breeze.⑳
I was trying everything in my power to go to school.
I could tell my end was near. So I wanted to see Suzumu's face.
Once I did and confirmed no miracle would arrive, I could leave without any regrets.
So I fought against the nigh-unbearable agony in my stomach as I struggled to walk.
⑳Ugh...⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳Toé! Are you all right?!⑳
⑳Oh, what a horrible fever! Someone tell the priests!⑳
⑳I have... to go... to... school...⑳
⑳You can't! Not when your fever's that high! You know how frail your family is, so you must take care of yourself!⑳
I could faintly hear the shrine's staff come out of the office and encircle me, asking if I was all right.
But my mind was being dragged into another haunting's daydream.
⑳...Go...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Bring Toé to the manor! Quickly, now! Quickly!⑳
Let me go... Let me go...
I had to see...
...Mutsu... Suzumu...
...
I was probably brought back to my room.
Having spent most of my life in nightmares since the hauntings started plaguing me, I could tell by the sensations.
Though I perceived them as something else entirely...
I was lying in a room lined with countless red candles.
They were all sticking out from severed hands used as candlesticks.
The fingers twitched from time to time. They hadn't been severed for long, apparently.
And hanging from the ceiling like laundry...
...was a gallery of twitching, human-shaped lumps, their severed hands and peeled-off skin rendering them unidentifiable as male or female.
Of course, I didn't let sights like these bother me.
All I had to do was imagine I was watching some horror movie I'd been dragged along to see.
Once I learned how to freeze my heart over with apathy, I could last through any number of hauntings.
But even here, the agony in my stomach was as merciless as ever.
I endured the pain and nausea welling up in my throat as I slowly got up.
I knocked over several hands and candles in the process, but paid them no heed.
Despite what I saw, I was confident this was my room.
If I let everything I saw in this distorted world get to me, that would just thrill the evil spirits behind this haunting...
Of course, it was very difficult to ignore everything my senses told me, and I could never get used to it. The whole thing was pure torture.
I'd probably been changed into my nightclothes, so I took a school uniform made of bloodstained human skin out of my closet of dangling bodies and got dressed.
I staggered with agony to the lattice door fastened with entrails—probably the sliding door—and left the room.
Everything else in the world appeared that way, too.
And this was how things were with my doll on me. I shuddered to imagine how they'd look if I dropped it.
I made my way to school on unsteady feet.
I walked through the Iwaimoto Shopping District among rows of headless corpses pierced upside down by iron skewers.
Just then, a breeze caressed my hair.
At that moment, the repugnant world faded away like melted snow, and returned to the world I knew so well.
I must have finally regained my sanity.
I checked myself in the window of a nearby clock store and discovered that while I had managed to put my uniform on, it was all disordered, like I'd put it on while still waking up.
I was already used to this by now, so I just made the necessary adjustments then and there without any fuss.
I took a look at a clock in the store and realized that the hands were already well past noon.
All that time I'd spent in that abhorrent world of meat and blood just staggering my way toward school had taken six hours in the real world.
The time I spent sane was limited, while the time I spent in nightmares was so long yet over in a flash. That was my life...
⑳Ughhh... aaghh...⑳
The curse was hardening into stones and filling my stomach. That had to be what this was.
Every time I moved, I felt them roll around, tearing through my stomach and trying to break loose...
(Can I even make it to school?)
The moment I thought that signaled my end had all but come.
Once I resumed my faltering march, the crowds cleared the way for me as though nothing were unusual.
The whole town was already used to seeing me like this.
No one knew I was protecting this land by suffering from hellish nightmares day after day.
And in these thousand years... no one had thanked me—thanked us.
Yet even in spite of that, we continued to sacrifice our lives to keep this curse sealed.
Though we weren't doing it for honor or gratitude.
This was merely the fate that we'd all been handed these past thousand years...
I was protecting this gentle and peaceful world.
Knowing that was our one and only source of pride.
It was our duty to protect these children's smiles.
When I thought of it that way, I realized just how much of a reward Mutsu—Susuhara's arrival was after a millennium of torment.
Indeed. That was the miracle we'd been handed for enduring the last thousand years.
...So I wouldn't hold out hope for another one ever again.
I no longer had any reason to believe I'd ever be released from my suffering.
As such, I'd stop wishing for a miracle.
All I wanted was to go to Susuhara and see Mutsu's face one last time. That was all I asked for...
Then I could... meet my end...
...
...
The world... was distorting... again...
The Iwaimoto Shopping District was transforming into that nightmare world once more.
Countless eerie insects gushed out from the shadows and devoured the scenery.
They were clambering over to my feet one after another. And so I froze my disgust—my heart—yet again...
...
...
School had ended, yet Kurokami never showed up.
However, there was a chance she'd appear at the LCSC.
So I decided to bet on that chance and go to the clubroom.
But the heat in my chest had grown so hot that it was making me dizzy.
I knew this wasn't due to a fever, but it felt very similar to one.
The power of a miracle was beyond a human body to begin with.
Perhaps my body was screaming from the effort of trying to obtain it.
⑳You should go home and rest. Don't strain yourself.⑳
⑳I keep telling him that, but he's as stubborn as a mule...⑳
⑳Seriously man, I don't think skipping club's gonna affect your attendance record, y'know?⑳
⑳Maybe you're right... Ha ha...⑳
⑳If you need to tell Kurokami something, I can pass on your message for you.⑳
⑳Why not ask Mayuhin? She calls Kurokki all the time.⑳
⑳...That's... true...⑳
⑳If she doesn't come by today... Maybe... I'll... do that...⑳
⑳Whoa there, you can barely stand. There's nothing great about pushing yourself.⑳
Even Natsu was unsettled by this...
Riria stopped by earlier, but she took one look at me and went home with a guilty look on her face.
Not that I blamed her. She couldn't work if I got her sick.
I was fine, but I was already being a burden on the others...
⑳I guess... I'll go... to the infirmary...⑳
⑳It's a bit, bit late to be saying that.⑳
⑳I'll help you over.⑳
⑳Huh? Kurokki?⑳
Oh... Kurokami...
I turned around and saw her trying to enter the clubroom.
She was staggering just as much as me...
⑳...Susu...ha...ra...⑳
Even though Suzumu's presence was supposed to ward off hauntings...
...the world distorted again the moment Toé saw him.
But there were no macabre illusions this time.
Instead, everything had gone monochrome and frozen in time.
Yet Suzumu was still in vivid color for some reason.
It was then that the divine curse appeared before Toé.
⑳Be grateful to me, Toé.⑳
⑳You are here now because I decided to grant you your heart's desire.⑳
⑳...Go... away...⑳
⑳My time has come, Toé.⑳
⑳You shall be released from your millennium of suffering.⑳
⑳...I will... never... let you... escape...⑳
⑳You can no longer hope to contain me.⑳
⑳Surely you have already realized as much.⑳
⑳...Khh...⑳
⑳...Ggghh... agh... *cough*⑳
⑳You are most deserving of praise for having endured that torment to keep me, the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto, sealed away for a thousand years.⑳
⑳That is why I bestowed upon you this miracle, at your very end.⑳
⑳I have granted your wish to see Mutsu's descendant—Suzumu Susuhara—one last time before you pass.⑳
⑳Do you not understand? I could have torn out of your stomach last night had I so desired.⑳
⑳But I allowed you another day so your thousand years did not go unrewarded.⑳
⑳...Nobody... asked you... you wretched... curse...⑳
⑳Scorn me as you will.⑳
⑳However, do not forget that I showed you mercy, even in this very moment...⑳
The divine curse's eyes flashed scarlet, and the world darkened.
Toé could tell her own soul would vanish forever the moment all went black.
That was why even though she'd tried to close off her heart, she couldn't.
⑳There are two ways your life can end. Choose your preference.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳One, you disregard my favor and fade away like a candlelight.⑳
Toé could never accept that.
If her soul were obliterated here and now, the divine curse would be released immediately.
That would render her thousand-year struggle to protect this land from calamity meaningless.
Then the other option was...
⑳Lie with Suzumu Susuhara.⑳
⑳...If I... did... it would be for nothing...⑳
Toé took in the soot of whoever she laid with.
That was why she'd been forced to take someone like Sho Kamenuma as her fiancé. He didn't have a trace of soot in him.
So even though she was Suzunome's descendant and Suzumu was Mutsu's, they could not be together.
⑳Either way, the seal will be broken by sunrise tomorrow.⑳
⑳So do you not wish to at least greet your end in the arms of the man you have waited a thousand years to see again?⑳
Something warm and bashful welled up and spread throughout Toé's body.
It was luscious and turned her legs to jelly.
A false love, brought on by the curse.
The divine curse tried to make herself stronger by forcing her host to lie with a man who possessed even a bit of soot.
So she awoke in the descendants of the sacrifice feelings of love proportional to the amount of soot involved.
Of course, that wasn't to say Suzumu wasn't charming in his own right.
But the love Tsubakiko, Kanae, and Riria felt for him was in no small part due to the curse's whispers.
So for Toé—who had by far the strongest and most soot of them all—it was nigh-irresistible.
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
Her breathing grew labored as her body heated up.
Her body longed for Suzumu Susuhara.
Toé did everything in her power to resist those urges...
⑳Why do you hesitate, Toé?⑳
⑳Whether you lie with Suzumu Susuhara or not, you cannot protect this land from the morrow's calamity.⑳
It was a trap. The curse would grow stronger if she took in Suzumu's soot.
If the calamity was inevitable, then the very least she could do was try to weaken it as much as possible.
She wanted it. She wanted to embrace her duty—no, embrace Suzumu...
Toé groaned as desire and reason waged war within her.
How she wanted him. How her heart ached with love for him. How she longed to melt into his arms and lie with him!
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
Toé broke out into a sweat, her knees giving way.
She gazed longingly at Suzumu.
⑳Susu...har...a...⑳
⑳He...lp... m...e...⑳
⑳...I'm... melting away... I can't... fight it back... aaah... aaah...⑳
Toé crawled on the floor and slobbered as she begged Suzumu for help.
The curse took advantage of that deep-rooted sensation every woman strove for in an effort to gain more soot.
But Toé fought back desperately with all the reason she had left.
(No, I mustn't give in to this...)
(But if the curse is going to be set free anyway...)
(No, no! I can't give in to despair now!)
(I can't surrender myself to the curse... I can't... aghhh... ghhhghhhh...)
(Aaaaaahhhh, aaah, kghhh, ghhh...)
(...Gaaah...)
...
Toé writhed as she curled up into a ball and fell silent.
That was all the resistance she could muster.
The divine curse sneered.
⑳Kurokami, are you all right?⑳
Just then, Toé heard Suzumu's voice.
Time was supposed to be stopped in the monochrome world, yet she heard it clear as a bell.
With that, Suzumu and time resumed their movements, but the world remained colorless.
⑳Kurokami, you don't look very good...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...I could... say the same...⑳
⑳You can barely... stand on your... feet...⑳
The pair staggered toward each other.
Almost like they were suffering the same ailment.
⑳There's... something...⑳
⑳I need... to tell... you...⑳
⑳...What... is it...?⑳
⑳I swear... I will save you...⑳
⑳...from... this... cur...se...⑳
Suzumu's body shook violently.
⑳Suzumu!⑳
⑳Hey, are you okay?! I'll help you up!⑳
⑳We've gotta get him to the infirmary. Please be there, Ms. Hinagata!⑳
Ha, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha...
In her heart, Toé was a mess of laughter and sobs.
Suzumu's words had moved her to tears.
Her heart swelled with joy.
She didn't know she was even capable of feeling this way anymore.
But his words had stirred something she thought was long dead within her.
⑳Hey Kurokki, are you okay?⑳
⑳You look like you're gonna collapse any second. You didn't need to force yourself to come to school...⑳
⑳Kha ha... ha ha ha... ha ha...⑳
⑳Kurokki...⑳
⑳Kha ha ha, ha ha... ha... ha...⑳
To Kanae, Toé sounded like she was just mumbling nonsense like always.
But this time, Toé was laughing with ecstasy... and crying.
At that moment, Toé returned to the dark, monochrome world.
⑳Toé. It seems you have made your choice.⑳
⑳I have nothing but respect for your insistence on holding onto your pride as a sacrifice, and resisting the soot to the very end.⑳
⑳...Ha ha... ha... *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳So be it. I need no longer wait until tomorrow morning, least of all tonight's moon.⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
The stones in Toé's stomach swelled and grew to gargantuan proportions.
Her stomach was tearing from the inside out...
⑳I have already taken Kanae, Tsubakiko, and Riria's soot for my own.⑳
⑳Once I acquire your body, I shall bring forth the calamity.⑳
⑳However, since you have decided to do without it, I shall take Suzumu Susuhara's soot for myself.⑳
⑳...I knew it... I knew you'd taken... their soot...!⑳
⑳Even without... Hinagata's... You still have... nearly... all of it...⑳
⑳Unfortunately, the gears of Mayu Hinagata's fate did not align with all the others.⑳
⑳Had she but been the same age as you, my voice would have reached her.⑳
Hinagata was a grown woman who'd made it through adolescence.
It was difficult for the divine curse and hauntings to instigate adults due to their heightened spiritual defenses or the loss of sync with their spiritual channels.
⑳But it matters not.⑳
⑳I shall use your claws and fangs to rip equivalent soot out of Suzumu Susuhara's guts.⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳I hate to break it to you... but if you think everything's going to go as planned... you're sorely mistaken...⑳
⑳...Whatever do you mean?⑳
⑳I can no longer seal the curse away. There's no doubt about that. I must admit you've won there.⑳
⑳However...⑳
⑳There is still a way... for me... to turn the tables... and sour your victory...⑳
⑳Impossible. I'm about to take your body for my own.⑳
⑳No matter what you are scheming, you haven't another moment of freedom left.⑳
...However, she'd fallen victim to hubris.
She had remained a spectator because she was confident she could take over Toé's body at any time she pleased.
Toé reached into her breast pocket with trembling fingers.
Inside was the student name tag she never wore.
⑳Heh heh heh. And what do you plan to do with that?⑳
⑳This.⑳
She unfastened the safety pin, and after a moment's hesitation...!
⑳Eek!⑳
Kanae shrieked and fell still.
It was no surprise, considering what'd just happened.
She'd witnessed Toé stabbing herself deep under her left index finger's nail with the needle of her name card.
⑳Ghhhh, aghhh, ughhhh!⑳
It was a sudden, sharp pain that few could possibly tolerate.
Having a needle shoved under one's fingernails would cause anyone to squirm.
Her mother's letter had described it as a last-ditch move to regain one's sanity in a pinch.
She probably came up with it after getting hurt during a haunting and realizing that she'd been released from it the moment she was injured.
In exchange for unbearable agony, Toé's stunt had brought the world back to normality and dispelled the image of the divine curse.
A human's essence was indeed in the soul, but while that soul was lodged in a body, it could not ignore what the body was telling it.
Extreme pain in excess of the body's limits could temporarily override the prerogatives of the spirit.
Hauntings and the divine curse were no exceptions to this.
But despite all the pain, the reprieve could only last for so long.
The world was slowly losing its color and becoming monochrome again as proof of this.
Toé didn't have a lot of time.
She needed to accomplish her goal in what little of it she had left.
Now that she'd met with Suzumu and talked with him, she had no more regrets. She was ready.
⑳Ku-Kurokki, a-are you okay?⑳
⑳...Fare...well...⑳
⑳...I wish you... all... well...⑳
⑳H-Hey! Wait!⑳
Toé staggered out into the hallway while groaning in agony.
Kanae was too stunned by that abrupt turn of events to move.
All she could do was watch as Toé disappeared out of sight.
Only a trail of blood remained to mark where she had gone...
⑳It's all right. He's not sick. Just overexerted.⑳
Hinagata smiled as she laid Suzumu in a bed.
⑳Overexerted?⑳
⑳Has he been pushing himself a bit too hard with his training in the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style?⑳
⑳Oh, now that you mention it...!⑳
⑳He trained in the rain yesterday until he collapsed! I was so worried!⑳
⑳Whoa, now that's what I call great. Too great...⑳
⑳Rea...lly?⑳
⑳You should feel a bit better after a little sleep.⑳
⑳Just get some shut-eye, okay?⑳
⑳All... right...⑳
⑳...⑳
It wasn't long before Suzumu dozed off.
Tsubakiko and Natsuya smiled and shrugged as if to say they'd worried too much.
Once they'd left, Hinagata turned back to Suzumu.
⑳...⑳
⑳You've finally done it, haven't you?⑳
Hinagata smiled and gently stroked Suzumu's cheek.
⑳Only a divine miracle can destroy the divine curse.⑳
⑳But that power is too much for a human body...⑳
⑳You may be able to destroy the divine curse, but...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳No matter what happens... I'm ready for it.⑳
⑳Susuhara...⑳
Suzumu hadn't been sleeping.
Hinagata was a bit surprised, but quickly regained her cool.
⑳Just what are you?⑳
⑳I am Suzumu Susuhara, successor to the Divine Tribute Style...⑳
⑳And... also... I think I'm Mutsu's reincarnation.⑳
⑳I suspected as much.⑳
⑳I meant beyond that.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳What are you?⑳
⑳...I don't know.⑳
⑳Mutsu was certainly tenacious enough to attain a miracle, but regardless, he was still human.⑳
⑳Though you're his descendant, that shouldn't make you anything greater than that.⑳
⑳Yet you're...⑳
⑳...⑳
After a pregnant pause, Hinagata suddenly smiled and stood up.
⑳I see. So you're...⑳
⑳What am I?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳That's my little secret.⑳
⑳Now that's... not fair.⑳
⑳Who you are isn't a problem for you.⑳
⑳You're Suzumu Susuhara. And you decide your own fate.⑳
⑳So you can carve yourself the path you want.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I should ask you the same... Just what... are you?⑳
⑳Me? I'm the glamorous and mysterious master of Susuda High's infirmary.⑳
⑳And I'm also a descendant of Suzunome, the sacrifice of Noroimoto Shrine. I am of one of the bloodlines resulting from the quintuplets spell.⑳
⑳And most likely...⑳
⑳...I'm your younger sister.⑳
⑳...?⑳
⑳I... don't understand.⑳
⑳It's fine. Forget about it.⑳
⑳Just rest as much as you can for now. You'll cross the peak soon enough.⑳
⑳...All... right...⑳
Hinagata could see it.
The brilliant flame in Suzumu's chest was pouring into his fists.
Those fists shone sublimely with the miracle of a god.
It wouldn't be long before the thousand-year journey undertaken by Mutsu and his descendants took shape in Suzumu's fists...
Toé walked on unsteady feet as she battled the pain in her stomach and the agony under her fingernail.
Seeing Toé moaning and staggering was nothing new to the townsfolk.
They pretended not to see anything and cleared the way so they didn't have to get mixed up with her.
Of course, Toé didn't look at them or the townscape, either.
Not when they kept shifting back and forth between their regular forms and monsters with practically each blink of the eye.
However, the distorted world was slowly but surely winning the battle.
⑳You crafty little wench...⑳
⑳Do not think those tricks will work forever...⑳
⑳...Go... a...way...⑳
Toé pricked herself under the nail of her left ring finger.
When dealing with intense pain, the body alights all its senses at once.
But it still wasn't enough. The divine curse was still there.
She needed something deeper. Sharper...
⑳Ghh, ughh, aghhh...⑳
⑳A wasted effort.⑳
Toé's pain was like dirt in the eye to the divine curse.
She grimaced in discomfort and disappeared along with the distorted world.
But Toé knew by now this would only buy her so much time.
Her left hand was already red with the trickling of blood.
The same went for the doll she was clutching with said hand.
The pain pulsed with each beat of her heart. It felt like her fingertips had swollen and ruptured.
And just when the pain became tolerable... the divine curse reappeared and sneered.
...But Toé still had fingers to spare.
If that wasn't enough, she could also give up her eyes if she had to.
Finally, Iwaimoto—no, Noroimoto Shrine came into view.
The shrine built not for celebration, but solely to keep the curse sealed.
Toé casually hid her hand so no one noticed.
She couldn't afford any obstacles to her plan. Not at this point.
After all, she only had so many fingers.
Toé headed for the main hall.
Her thoughts turned to the letter left by her mother and grandmother.
This was a mockery that had spanned a thousand years.
Though it appeared the humans had sealed away the curse with the soot-gathering spell...
...over the course of a millennium, the curse gathered more soot and grew.
It was likely far more powerful than the curse Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto had rained on the village a thousand years prior.
This curse was man's punishment.
It had accrued interest in exchange for being put off for so many years, and now the time had come to pay the price.
Though their millennium of suffering may not have prevented the coming disaster...
...Toé wanted to protect this land for as long as she could.
Otherwise, she and her ancestors would have suffered for nothing.
What's more, she couldn't help but laugh at this result.
⑳I must admit, I was curious where your gallant acts of self-harm were going...⑳
⑳But I never imagined that you—all of you—would be heading for the bell where I was sealed inside Suzunome.⑳
⑳Could you be planning to seal your body inside it as well?⑳
⑳You may be a transcendent being...⑳
⑳...but there is one thing that managed to block you out over these thousand years.⑳
⑳The bell where the ritual was performed...⑳
The divine curse furrowed her brow for the first time.
Though her smile was confident, her eyes held a twinge of concern.
⑳The cursed soot was sealed into the bell and absorbed by the sacrifice.⑳
⑳In other words, once you are trapped inside the bell, there is no escape.⑳
⑳You seem to be forgetting something quite vital. Do you not see the state of that bell?⑳
⑳I do. But all that matters is that I can stop your plans, even if just for a moment longer.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳How impudent of you, accursed descendant of Suzunome...⑳
The bell used for the ritual had the power to trap the cursed soot.
That was why the sacrifice was able to absorb the entirety of the curse over three days and nights without any leaking out.
But though the bell itself could seal the soot, the ground and floor beneath it were a different story.
While the bell could seal the soot from above, it would eventually leak from below.
But it was still a better outcome than simply surrendering herself to the curse.
The divine curse wanted nothing more than to bring about an unparalleled calamity to this land.
If Toé could weaken her in some way...
⑳You're wasting your time.⑳
⑳Your sacrifice will merely be delaying the inevitable, just as your thousand-year struggle has...⑳
⑳But it is still... our duty...⑳
⑳You fool...!⑳
Toé pricked herself again, and the divine curse faded from view.
The curse mocked her as she went, but could no longer hide the concern from her face.
Toé groaned in agony.
Her whole left hand was pounding like a giant heart.
Though the pain was intense, it wasn't as harrowing as it had been at first and was gradually dulling into a burning throb.
Her body was getting used to the pain. She didn't have long.
She had to hurry.
Toé crawled under the temple bell hanging from the rope.
It was pitch-black and painfully deafening on the inside.
Toé sat up straight and calmed her heart.
⑳...⑳
⑳With heartfelt awe and reverence do I speak these words of worship before Noroimoto Shrine...⑳
When Toé started chanting the prayer, a faint creak filled the silent space.
Though she couldn't see it, it was the sound of the bundle of rice plants holding the bell up starting to tear.
The heavy bell began to sway a little.
⑳Cease this at once, you fool! Try as you may to trap me, the calamity will come all the same!⑳
⑳Reconsider! Join me and take your vengeance on those man-demons who forced the millennium of suffering on all of you!⑳
⑳The gods' bountiful blessings are more than I deserve, their exalted teachings I do follow...⑳
⑳Do you think I will simply give up and disappear once the bell drops, you impudent child?!⑳
⑳I shall tear through your stomach and be born anew!⑳
⑳Naturally, it will take some time to escape the confines of this loathsome bell. But I shall not wait in tedium!⑳
⑳I shall make use of your constant meddling to make you my plaything for all eternity, as punishment for your persistent defiance!⑳
⑳With honest and righteous devotion shall I not stray off the path of man, I shall endeavor through the duties I pursue...⑳
⑳What reward do you believe your resistance shall bless you with?! Toé! Suzunome!⑳
⑳Bring calamity to this land with me! I shall ease your thousand years of suffering!⑳
⑳But reject me, and you shall find naught but another millennium of suffering at my hands!⑳
⑳I have watched you for a thousand years. I know each and every way how best to torment you, how best to bring you pain!⑳
⑳Ha ha ha! How I will subject you to them all! How I will toy with and persecute you! Even when you vomit your guts out from revulsion, I shall not stop!⑳
⑳You shall yearn for the release of death for a millennium to come, and lament! Do you truly desire such a fate?!⑳
⑳...This is the first time I've heard you so desperate in the past thousand years.⑳
⑳In that case, the next thousand years might just be worth it.⑳
⑳You fool!⑳
⑳Do you not wish to see Mutsu again? Do you not wish to lie with him?⑳
⑳Your body will soon be destroyed! There will be no hope for any miracles!⑳
As long as humans live, they can wish for any kind of miracle.
That desire alone is what gives them hope to live on—not the actual granting of the wish.
Even in the chain of suffering that began with Suzunome, they had held out for a thousand years because they were able to believe a miracle would come.
Only those who had lived for a millennium could understand the fear of having even that hope crushed.
Even so, Toé did not falter.
That was her pride as the girl who'd been sacrificed to the divine curse.
⑳There will be no more hope for miracles? You poor curse.⑳
⑳My miracle has already been granted...⑳
⑳Y-You impudent man-demon! I'll make you regret this!⑳
⑳Toé... Suzunome!⑳
Toé's thoughts turned to Mutsu—Suzumu.
He was ten years too late. A hundred years too late. A thousand years too late.
However... she was still so happy she got to see him again...
⑳*gasp*⑳
⑳Eek! Wh-Wh-What's wrong?!⑳
Suzumu suddenly jolted up, surprising Hinagata.
He'd heard a voice.
When he reached the realm of the gods, he'd heard a male voice in his dream.
The gears are turning... Hope and despair have now manifested in tandem...
Make haste, Suzumu.
Will another thousand years of suffering come to pass?
Or will you bring about a miracle to crush that suffering?
All will be decided in this hour...
⑳...⑳
Suzumu's eyes shone scarlet.
The power of miracles now dwelled entirely in his fists.
His body shouldn't have been able to bear it. The strain should have kept him in bed for many hours.
However, he leapt to his feet with such agility, it was hard to imagine he'd only just woken up.
Hinagata watched in shock as he ran to the desk and jumped right through the window out into the schoolyard.
Suzumu's body was covered in open cuts all over, but he paid them no heed.
He'd left his shoes behind, but he paid it no heed.
One thing was perfectly clear from his expression:
He had only a sliver of time to carry out the miracle he'd been granted.
Suzumu ran with every muscle in his body. Nothing could stop him. Not even when his heart felt like it would burst.
He ran across the schoolyard. Across the school gate. Across the asphalt.
He'd long since torn his socks to pieces. His bare feet bled over the street and stones.
It hurt, but he couldn't let it bother him.
(Kurokami, Kurokami! I'll save you!)
(So wait for me! Just hold on a little longer! I'll be right there!)
(Kurokami! Kurokami! Kuroka—Toé! Toé!)
⑳Toé!⑳
⑳...⑳
Suzunome slowly gazed up at the sky and took one last look at the picturesque scenery of the mountains.
(Once my body fully takes in this curse, how will the world change?)
(How will this beautiful world look to these cursed eyes?)
(I can tell. This is the last time the wind will feel so pleasant. The air smell so fragrant. The sky gleam so blue...)
(But if it means saving Mutsu...)
(...and protecting the village he holds so dear...)
(...then I shall go through with this... and say farewell to my final attachments to this life.)
Suzunome entered the raised bell and sat down.
She then closed her eyes and concentrated.
Before long, her senses of sight and hearing were completely sealed away.
Amidst that silent world, Suzunome quietly gave in to her fate...
⑳...⑳
⑳All right. Lower the bell.⑳
All the soot was sealed into the sacrifice, and the thousand years of suffering began.
She took the divine curse into her, and was subjected to a millennium of torment at the hands of its wrath.
A thousand years passed... and now, the sacrifice would begin the cycle anew.
Another millennium of torture for Suzunome—Toé—would begin here and now.
Mutsu didn't have the power of miracles.
That was why he couldn't prevent that first millennium.
That was why he had wished for a miracle and dedicated himself to God for a thousand years.
And then a miracle came to dwell in the fist Suzumu had inherited.
Now he had the power. Now he could prevail!
Suzumu ran like the wind.
Several of his toes had broken under that force.
But he didn't feel pain. He didn't have the time to.
All he perceived was the heat in his fists. His anxiety at the lack of time.
And gratitude.
Gratitude for the miracle that had allowed him to run for her sake once again after a thousand years.
By the time he passed through the shrine archway, Suzumu's feet were tattered.
His pant cuffs were torn, and streams of blood trickled down his bared calves.
His feet were bloody, leaving behind red-hot footprints in their wake.
⑳Toé! Toé!⑳
It was just like a thousand years ago. Toé couldn't hear him because she'd already closed off her heart.
But even if she didn't answer... Suzumu knew.
He could see Suzunome—Toé—trying to seal herself in the bell at this very moment...
⑳I'll... I'll save you!⑳
Suzunome!
⑳Toé!⑳
The soot piled up like snow in a pitch-black snowfield, the accursed bell enshrined in the center.
The bell was not hanging.
It was already standing firmly on the ground, the sacrifice sealed inside again...
⑳Mutsu... No, your name is Suzumu now, is it not?⑳
⑳This is just like a thousand years ago.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳The woman you love has sealed herself into the bell again.⑳
⑳You are late. You are late, Suzumu Susuhara...⑳
⑳You are too late! Ten years too late! A hundred years too late! A thousand years too late!⑳
⑳And now, you are but one minute too late!⑳
⑳No. I'm not late for anything.⑳
⑳Suzunome... Toé is right there... And I'm right here, too.⑳
⑳I'm not late at all. In fact...⑳
⑳...my timing couldn't be any more perfect.⑳
⑳...I see. So that is the fist that bested my sisters.⑳
Suzumu's fists glowed with a divine, scarlet light.
In his past confrontations with the divine curse, his fists held no shine whatsoever.
No. Though his essence was fully formed, he had yet to reach the realm of the gods at the time.
But things were different now. His fists shone as the very proof he'd stepped into that realm.
⑳Mutsu. It would seem I made light of your thousand years.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I have been consumed with naught but my wish for revenge on the man-demons for this past millennium, but I believed you posed no threat.⑳
⑳But... it appears I was wrong.⑳
⑳I... We...⑳
⑳No. I'll be frank.⑳
⑳For a thousand years, -I- too have been consumed with nothing but a single wish—to save her.⑳
⑳That's why Toé's here, I'm here... and you're here.⑳
⑳Do you hate me?⑳
⑳No. Not at all.⑳
⑳But neither am I grateful to you.⑳
⑳Oh-ho. Then what -do- you feel for me?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I pity you. As much as Toé.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Such arrogance. A man-demon such as yourself pitying a divine curse?⑳
⑳Well, I could use some entertainment after a millennium. Tell me, then, why you pity me.⑳
⑳When I learned what happened in this land a thousand years ago, a thought came to me.⑳
⑳The sacred deer betrayed by the humans must have felt such resentment. Their souls could never have rested in peace.⑳
⑳So it's no wonder their resentment became a curse.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳But I believe you have resentment far, far deeper than that.⑳
⑳Resentment that you were sealed into the sacrifice by that ritual and could do nothing for a millennium.⑳
⑳In that time, the villagers forgot their sin, betrayal, and debt to the sacred deer, and went on to live out their days...⑳
⑳As the centuries passed, even the history surrounding that betrayal was gradually rewritten, further obfuscating the truth.⑳
⑳Noroimoto Shrine was renamed Iwaimoto Shrine... and they even forgot to fear the wrath of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto, turning their respect into nothing more than oblivious reverence.⑳
Wrath was a fury brought down upon those who incurred it.
But after a thousand years, all the villagers who had betrayed the deer were long gone.
Their anger for this land had not settled, but unleashing a calamity on children who had forgotten their fathers' sins would hardly be a satisfying reward to centuries of wrath.
That was why Suzumu couldn't bring himself to be angry at the curse.
It wasn't just Mutsu and Suzunome:
For the divine curse, these thousand years had also been just as long, just as cruel... and just as sad...
⑳...⑳
⑳...Heh...⑳
⑳Heh heh heh heh heh heh...⑳
From Suzumu's position, the curse looked as though she was forcing a merry laugh.
As though trying to shake off the pang of emotion that had swelled up within her.
⑳What of it, Suzumu?⑳
⑳Are you telling me to give up and disappear because the rightful targets of my fury are already gone?⑳
⑳No. That would be selfish.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Well, well... Of all the things to say, you mirrored my thoughts exactly...⑳
⑳It's the law of karma. Every sin must be met with punishment.⑳
⑳So naturally, you will exist.⑳
⑳Your desire to curse the sinners and punish them for their crimes is sound. No one can take that right from you, and I would fight anyone who tried.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I fear I do not understand what point you are trying to make.⑳
⑳However...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Toé wasn't the only one who suffered this past millennium. You did as well.⑳
⑳That's why my miracle isn't just for saving Toé.⑳
⑳It's to save you, too.⑳
⑳I shall break that bell, and along with it, the suffering of a thousand-year cycle.⑳
Suzumu slowly closed his eyes and readied his fist.
The Susuhara Divine Tribute Style.
The fist Mutsu had pledged to God and trained for a thousand years.
Now was the time to dedicate it...
When Suzumu opened his eyes, a whirlwind arose from his feet, scattering the soot like black petals.
⑳...⑳
⑳I cannot fathom what it is you are saying.⑳
⑳However, one truth remains indubitable.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I cannot deny my true nature. I am the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto.⑳
⑳For a thousand years have I hated, cursed, and sworn vengeance. The time to take that revenge is now!⑳
⑳Regardless how you may pity me, I shall forever remain a curse!⑳
⑳For a millennium have I sworn to bring a scourge to the man-demons! To this land! I cannot turn back on my oath!⑳
When the divine curse swung her right arm down, another whirlwind erupted from her feet and blew the soot up.
She grasped the sword of the gods—the Seven-Branched Sword—in her hands, burning scarlet with heat.
⑳...Your wrath is just.⑳
⑳You have the right to be angry. To curse. To howl. To rage.⑳
⑳But I shall accept it all into myself!⑳
⑳At this moment, I shall take what connects the end and beginning of this millennium of tragedy...⑳
⑳...and crush it before me!⑳
Suzumu vanished into the pitch-black whirlwind.
The divine curse stepped back just in time to dodge Suzumu's punch.
⑳...!⑳
He was fast—too fast for the divine curse to keep track of.
Now that he had reached the realm of the gods, Suzumu was a match for a god himself. He could easily match the curse's speed.
⑳Fall, Suzumu! Know the wrath of a god!⑳
The divine curse's sword left scarlet arcs in its wake with each swing.
The blade that would curse one for seven generations with a single touch howled, cleaving the falling soot.
But something cut through those arcs, gave off fierce sparks, and repelled them.
It dodged, avoided, struck, and returned the blows. Suzumu's scarlet fist repelled the sword's slashes—attacks no mere man could have ever followed!
⑳W-Wretched man-demon! Y-You dare to resist the sword of the gods?!⑳
⑳...Is that as far as your anger will take you?⑳
⑳You have the right to curse. And I, as a descendant of the cursed village, have the duty to receive it.⑳
⑳I am obligated to feel the terror you reign down on me as a member of that village! To know just how deep your wrath can run!⑳
⑳Enough of your jests!⑳
⑳As if scum like you could possibly understand the chagrin of my dear brother's soul!⑳
⑳My fist was granted to me by Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto.⑳
⑳What?! What nonsense do you speak?!⑳
⑳Mutsu heard the voice of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto! And then his thousand-year journey began!⑳
⑳It is destiny that you and I should face each other this day!⑳
The shine of Suzumu's fist spoke volumes to his sincerity.
For it held the same scarlet gleam as the divine curse's sword.
⑳You claim that one of my clan granted you this power?!⑳
⑳They would never! None who know of our dear brother's pain would ever grant such power!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳No... It cannot be...⑳
⑳B-Bro...ther... Are... you...⑳
⑳...⑳
You have done well... to bear our anger...
...for these past thousand years... to this very day...
⑳Br-Brother!⑳
⑳Aaah... aaaah... aaaah...⑳
The time has come for the curse to return where it belongs.
Now, let us go home... My darling, dearest...
⑳You... You truly are...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I have come for you.⑳
⑳Thank you for enduring on my behalf... these past thousand years.⑳
This hour shall mark the end of this cursed millennium...
This hour shall mark the end of this cursed millennium...
The Seven-Branched Sword... slowly fell from the hands of the divine curse.
Her scarlet eyes brimmed with tears.
Suzumu's fist left trails of light behind as he slowly lunged it forward.
And a moment later...
...he struck the divine curse in the heart.
...he struck the divine curse in the heart.
The cursed bell that had marked the beginning of that accursed millennium and was attempting to usher in a new one... was split in two.
Suzumu's divine fist had just brought about a miracle...
And then, like a newborn chick peeking out of its egg...
...Toé peered through the gap, too stunned to move.
⑳...⑳
Overcome with surprise, she forgot to even blink. All she could do was stare up at Suzumu.
Suzumu didn't move, as though he'd been frozen in place.
But his lips were curled into a smile.
I came to save you, Toé.
Sorry...
...that I'm a thousand years late.
Toé had definitely heard those words.
Her body became unbelievably light the moment the bell miraculously broke.
As light as it once was before her hauntings had begun in her adolescence...
Not a single trace of the thousand-year curse... remained in Toé's body.
But her rejoicing could wait. Something far more pressing stood before her.
Suzumu... slowly collapsed.
He didn't shield himself with his arms to break the fall—the way the living would.
Instead... he collapsed mechanically, like a puppet that'd fulfilled its role.
...The way the dead would fall.
⑳Susu...hara...⑳
⑳Susuhara... Susuhara...⑳
Toé dumbfoundedly approached Suzumu.
There was no movement from him as she approached. Not even the twitch of a finger.
⑳Susuhara... Susuhara... Suzumu...⑳
⑳Suzumu... Suzumu...!⑳
She lifted his head up, only for it to limply fall on its side.
His chest burned with a righteous heat, but did not rise.
His arms and legs were sprawled out, hanging like wilted flowers.
⑳...Ghh...⑳
⑳Suzumu... Suzumu...⑳
⑳I waited. I waited. I waited ten years. A hundred years. A thousand years...⑳
⑳We were finally... together again...⑳
⑳So why... Why can't we celebrate... together?⑳
⑳Were you not overjoyed? I am!⑳
⑳See? I can't stop... these tears... of joy... no matter how hard... I try...⑳
⑳So please... Suzumu...⑳
⑳Please... please... I'm begging you...⑳
⑳...Show me... your smile...⑳
A divine miracle was too much for a human body.
So was this the price he'd paid for it?
...Suzumu must have known.
Once he came to possess a god's power, he knew his end was close.
But even so, he hadn't faltered.
Instead, he felt he'd gotten a bargain on that miracle.
He'd died to save the woman he'd loved for a thousand years.
No man could ask for a greater death than that.
That was why Suzumu's face was frozen in a satisfied smile.
His face beamed as he slept in Toé's arms, basking in her gentle warmth.
⑳Aaah...!⑳
⑳You're such... a selfish man...⑳
⑳Leaving me behind... without telling anyone...⑳
⑳Never once considering... how I would feel without you...⑳
Toé could hold herself back no longer.
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah... aaaaaah... aaahh...⑳
Toé threw her head back to face the heavens as she held the lifeless body of the man she loved and wept.
Toé Kurokami... Can you hear my voice?
I am Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto. Can you hear me?
⑳Yes! You killed him! You killed Suzumu!⑳
I thought perhaps he could bear it...
Knowing Suzumu Susuhara, I had dared hope he could withstand the price of the miracle.
But unfortunately... that did not come to pass.
I had prayed for two miracles, you see.
That he would break the curse and save you... and that he would survive the price of the miracle.
⑳A miracle like this... is just too cruel...⑳
⑳I never wanted a miracle like this! I can't accept it!⑳
...
This may not make up for your sorrow...
...but I would like to grant you one wish with my power.
Do you have one?
⑳Bring him back to me! Bring Suzumu back to life right now!⑳
...
Death... cannot be reversed.
As life is precious, not even I can venture into the sacred realm of death...
I can breathe temporary life into him, but it will only last a short time...
⑳Then why even bother?!⑳
⑳Bring him back to me! Bring Suzumu back to life! Please!⑳
⑳I don't care if I have to be cursed for another thousand years! I'll accept any suffering that comes! So please!⑳
⑳...Bring him... back...⑳
Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto was merciful.
No matter how deeply Toé succumbed to sorrow, it continued to wait quietly and patiently.
...Eventually, Toé wiped away her tears.
⑳...You're useless.⑳
⑳I can't believe my shrine worships such a useless god...⑳
Her eyes were red.
But they'd regained a bit of their shine.
⑳Just now, I thought that I would have gladly died for Suzumu...⑳
⑳But that's how it is, isn't it?⑳
⑳You're saying I should be grateful to Suzumu and live on by myself. That's how it is, isn't it...?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Thank you, Suzumu.⑳
⑳You're always late. Ten years too late. A hundred years too late. A thousand years too late.⑳
⑳But this time... you actually made it.⑳
Toé smiled as tears framed her face, and stroked Suzumu's cheek.
It was still a little warm.
⑳...Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto. I have a wish.⑳
Name it.
⑳I want to be the only one who suffers this sorrow.⑳
⑳So please, grant a miracle to our other selves.⑳
⑳Give Suzunome and Mutsu a miracle.⑳
⑳A miracle where Mutsu made it to the ritual on time, saved Suzunome, and got to live out his days with her.⑳
You should know that even if I grant that wish, it will bring no changes to this era—to this world.
⑳That's fine with me.⑳
⑳I thought I made myself clear. Only Toé Kurokami and Suzumu Susuhara should suffer this pain.⑳
⑳Have Mutsu make it in time to save Suzunome from the ritual.⑳
⑳It's none of my business if the curse rains on the village and destroys it or not.⑳
⑳But the curse is theirs.⑳
⑳The punishment will merely be brought down on those who sinned.⑳
⑳A ritual that delays the punishment is purely evil. Nothing else.⑳
⑳Hajakensho—crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path.⑳
⑳You can do that, can't you...?⑳
...
Very well, Toé. I shall grant your wish.
Mutsu will save Suzunome. And then the cursed soot will blanket the village once more.
Neither you nor I know what shall come after that.
Is that all right with you?
⑳Yes...⑳
⑳So long as it can make those two happy... even if I'll only know it in my heart.⑳
Farewell, Toé Kurokami... And Suzumu Susuhara.
I pray from the bottom of my heart that your next millennium be a blessed one...
⑳Of course it will be. We've worshiped you for a thousand years.⑳
⑳The least you can do...⑳
⑳...is grant us some of your grace, right?⑳
⑳...⑳
Toé could no longer hear the voice.
The main hall was silent as a tomb.
But a miracle a thousand years in the making had most certainly occurred here.
The proof of that was the broken bell... and Suzumu's lifeless body, lying in Toé's arms.
⑳Suzumu...⑳
⑳Suzumu... *sob* *sob*⑳
For a while, none of the villagers could move, as though time had stopped...
The villagers, the mayor, Suzunome, and even Mutsu himself were all astonished.
No one believed that a human body—a human fist—could have the power to break a temple bell.
But all of them had seen it.
The scarlet, heavenly glow from Mutsu when he'd punched the bell.
⑳That...⑳
⑳That was... the wrath of a god...⑳
⑳E-Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek!⑳
The villagers prostrated themselves before Mutsu one after another, as though he were a god himself.
Indeed: They could all feel a divine presence residing in Mutsu.
Mutsu also came to understand.
A divine will had endowed itself in his fist...
⑳Mutsu...⑳
⑳I came to save you, Suzunome...⑳
⑳Sorry I'm late...⑳
Though Suzunome was bare naked, she didn't care. She ran into Mutsu's arms.
Mutsu embraced her dearly so they would never be apart again.
The soot surfaced from Suzunome's marble skin like oozing ink.
All the cursed soot she'd absorbed into her body escaped and scattered into the air.
The ritual had been destroyed, so the soot was expelled from the sacrifice's body.
There wasn't a single patch left on her. Her body was back to its beautiful, pristine self.
And though there were no clouds, soot fell from the sky like snow.
Though it was the cursed soot, the sun's light gave it a divine, even beautiful aura.
The soot rained on the village once more.
The curse had returned to its proper place.
Punishment had been delivered to those who broke their promise with the sacred deer.
The villagers were devastated to realize their village was cursed again.
Mutsu spoke to lift their spirits.
⑳I know not what comes next.⑳
⑳But we just have to work together. Like we always have.⑳
⑳We don't have a choice. This is our punishment for betraying Lord Rokugami.⑳
⑳So we should all accept our lot...⑳
⑳...and beg for forgiveness.⑳
⑳Will Lord Rokugami... forgive us...?⑳
⑳It may not be soon...⑳
⑳But if we accept our punishment with genuine penitence, endure the trials to come...⑳
⑳...and never forget to honor Lord Rokugami despite it all...⑳
⑳...I'm sure we'll be forgiven.⑳
⑳Don't you agree, Suzunome?⑳
⑳Y-Yes.⑳
⑳If Lord Rokugami sees we have not forgotten to honor him, then I believe all shall be forgiven someday.⑳
⑳On your feet, all of you.⑳
⑳Let us return to the village and speak this:⑳
⑳'We shall accept our punishment and continue to pay God our respects. Then, someday, we shall be forgiven.'⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...Yes. Mutsu is right...⑳
⑳This is our punishment for letting our greed blind us.⑳
⑳Let us repent and earn our forgiveness someday.⑳
⑳For our village exists alongside the mountain of Lord Rokugami.⑳
The villagers stood.
The fiendish visages they'd worn as they'd tried to scapegoat Suzunome to the soot had all vanished without a trace.
Instead, their expressions were all composed, as though they'd been released from possession.
And then, each and every one of them apologized to Suzunome for what they'd put her through.
⑳Let's return to the village, everyone.⑳
⑳Let us live alongside Lord Rokugami.⑳
⑳She's right. Us humans shall coexist with Lord Rokugami on this land.⑳
The two nodded at each other.
Everyone then headed back toward the village.
All that remained was the broken temple bell.
It served as proof of the miracle that had occurred here...
...and of the miracle their descendants from a thousand years into the future had wished for.
And so the village's days of punishment under the divine curse began.
The soil lost its divine blessings, the fields fell into ruin, and troubles with dry field crops increased.
The harvest also yielded little for the effort that had gone into it, and the results were not good by any standard.
But the villagers split the scant harvest and managed to overcome a hungry winter.
The animals of the mountain became violent, making hunting a dangerous task.
Monsters would appear and threaten the village from time to time.
But the villagers stood tall together.
They accepted their lot not as a curse, but as their punishment.
And even though their lives grew harder, they continued cherishing their god.
They offered up some of their meager harvest and continued to appease Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto.
Suzunome was revered as the village's priestess. The villagers obediently followed her teachings and renewed their respect for the divine.
The children lost their smiles amidst their poor lives, but Mutsu's never faded.
Eventually, thanks to his influence, they regained their smiles one after another.
The children regained their vitality, and in time, the whole village found the laughter they had once lost.
Years passed as the curse continued—one, two, and in time, five.
The villagers had completely adapted to their environment by this point.
They revered the monsters as messengers of the divine and gave offerings to the forest and mountain.
In time, the monsters stopped attacking the village.
Gradually, the hills and fields regained the blessings of the land.
Thanks to the villagers working together to create an irrigation system, the crop fields also recovered their bounty.
The village was far poorer than it had been before.
However, it was richer than ever in smiles.
⑳Max Deluxe Meteor Buster!⑳
⑳Read you like a book! You shall be one with the stars today, Suzunome!⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Megaton Counter Homerun!⑳
Wham! Wham!
⑳And Mutsu gets the beecha!⑳
⑳No, you had the beecha!⑳
⑳You're the one with a beecha! Beecha, beecha!⑳
⑳Beecha, beecha, beecha, beecha!⑳
⑳Aha ha, aha ha! Mutsu got a beecha, Mutsu got a beecha!⑳
⑳No, Suzunome got the beecha! Beecha, beecha!⑳
⑳Aha ha ha, those two are at it again, huh?⑳
The sixth winter was harsh.
But the children were as resolute as ever. They had hearty snowball fights with the grey snow dirtied by the soot.
The adults grinned at the sight and thanked the god who had preserved their children's smiles.
Their reserves were scarce as always, but everyone worked together like family, and managed to make it to spring.
The seventh year turned out to be the turning point, when the villagers built an elegant altar at the abandoned temple and worshiped Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto there.
In the past, they had constantly prayed to the deer god to forgive them.
But this year was a bit different.
They were grateful that amidst their trials, the villagers had supported one another, and renewed their reverence for God.
They didn't wish for the curse to end this year. Instead, they thanked it.
And then the seventh winter ended, and the curse of seven years came to a close.
The people noticed the hills and fields had regained their former glory.
The eternally grey sky cleared up as though it had never been there, and the long-forgotten scent of fresh verdure rode the wind once more.
⑳Lady Priestess... Does this mean Lord Rokugami has...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Yes. I can hear Lord Rokugami's voice.⑳
⑳With this, the curse that covered the village has ended.⑳
⑳God says that if we keep reverence and gratitude forever in our hearts and swear to live virtuous lives... heaven's wrath shall be quelled.⑳
The villagers shouted with joy.
Sensing Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto on the other side of the beautiful sunlight shining between the clouds, they all offered it thanks and reverence...
⑳Channeling, was it? I never knew you could hear the gods' voices with it. That's incredible.⑳
⑳No. This wasn't channeling. I can't hear any voices.⑳
⑳Then how do you know the curse has ended?⑳
⑳Well, you see... There's something I have to tell you.⑳
With a faint blush, Suzunome took Mutsu's hand and placed it atop her stomach.
Mutsu was wide-eyed in shock for a moment, but soon understood, and jumped with joy.
He picked Suzunome up and spun her around.
The women of the village understood what that signified, and everyone celebrated.
And then, on the day the first flowers after the curse bloomed...
Mutsu and Suzunome were married.
It is said those two were blessed with several children.
They thanked the god who had granted them such wonderful days and gave them all names modeled off of the seasons.
Their children valued that deeply, and so the tradition was passed down through each generation.
Eventually, the people built a magnificent shrine to worship Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto and named it Noroimoto Shrine.
So that future generations would never forget the trial of the divine curse they had faced, without any lies.
And as proof of their god's miracle, they enshrined the broken bell as the shrine's shintai...
On the day it was completed, Mutsu and Suzunome heard a voice from above...
⑳...I am the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto.⑳
⑳You have done well to worship and appease us. You revered us in spite of our curse.⑳
⑳My dearest brot—ahem—Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto has commanded you two be granted a special reward for guiding the villagers down the right path.⑳
⑳A-A reward? We are beyond honored!⑳
⑳Speak. We shall grant you whatever you may desire.⑳
⑳Oh, uh, but it would be truly a boon were you to make it quick. I cannot go home until I fulfill my duty, you see.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳What should we do, Mutsu?⑳
⑳I think we've already obtained plentiful happiness.⑳
⑳I feel it would be presumptuous to ask for any more...⑳
⑳...There is one thing.⑳
⑳What is it?⑳
⑳Remember when I broke the bell to save you? That was a miracle.⑳
⑳It was a miracle of heaven. There's no doubt about that.⑳
⑳However, someone...⑳
⑳...someone who resembles you...⑳
⑳...was the one who prayed for me to be bestowed with that miracle. I've always felt as such.⑳
⑳Truly?⑳
⑳Then that would make them my savior, would it not?⑳
⑳I'd like to thank her.⑳
⑳Then what would you wish?⑳
⑳...Let her smile.⑳
⑳Bring her a miracle that will bring back her smile, no matter how much sorrow she's had to bear.⑳
⑳Mmm. Your wish shall be granted. Of this, I am certain.⑳
⑳Farewell, Mutsu, Suzunome.⑳
⑳Your seven years were wonderful. Wonderful enough to restore our faith in those despicable humans...⑳
The divine curse quietly returned to the heavens.
They didn't know who the girl who resembled Suzunome that'd wished for their miracle was, but...
⑳I hope she can find happiness...⑳
⑳Yes...⑳
The girls were left in deep sorrow by Suzumu Susuhara's untimely death.
They all grieved for him, unable to repay him for setting them free from the curse that had resided in their hearts.
His body was sent to his family, and his funeral soon followed.
Everyone in the LCSC attended.
Suzumu's mother was shocked by her son's mysterious death, but his father was oddly calm.
That was because he'd received a revelation in a dream.
It told him how Suzumu had accomplished something very important.
How he'd brought about a miracle to save someone dear, knowing the cost.
How he'd lost his life in exchange.
And how this was what he'd wanted.
Mr. Susuhara was sure the dream was real.
As the president of the LCSC, Kanae read the eulogy.
She spoke of how Suzumu was most unlike a boy of his age and was respected and loved by all.
She concluded the speech by speaking for all of them by saying she wished she could have had more time with him.
Kanae went over to the casket and told Suzumu how she was doing.
How she'd gained the strength to carve her own path in life after he'd saved her.
She would be leaving home and setting out on her own in the near future, but for far more positive reasons this time.
⑳Princess Elice of Wonderland will finally be going on her big adventure,⑳ she said through choked sobs.
Tsubakiko cried her heart out at first.
But eventually, she could no longer hold herself back and clung to Suzumu's body, shouting in a manner indistinguishable from sobbing.
She was the one who embodied everyone's anger at his sudden and unfair death.
⑳In my heart, I will always be your wife,⑳ she said, and gave Suzumu one last kiss.
Riria raced to the funeral during a gap in her busy schedule.
She didn't break down—probably because mature women were strong against this sort of thing.
But she knew the truth. She was only acting tough and putting off her sorrow for a short while.
She was prepared to spend many nights from this day onward weeping for him.
Natsuya was less sad and more in denial of his best friend's death.
Suzumu really would be dead if he believed it. So he made it all the way to this point still not accepting the truth.
But once he saw Suzumu in the casket, his weak resolve shattered into pieces.
With tears streaming from his eyes, he placed his prized one-of-a-kind super-rare card in the casket with his friend.
And next... was Toé.
On the outside, she looked like the calmest of them all.
Her face appeared to be as emotionless as it was at school.
Now that she'd been freed from the curse, she shouldn't have needed a doll anymore.
But she still carried one with her all the time.
Because unless she kept holding tight onto it... her emotions might burst out.
Hinagata gently placed her hand on Toé's shoulder.
⑳It's okay. You can let it all out at times like these.⑳
But Toé just shook her head.
She refused to cry.
After all...
Suzumu had brought about that miracle because he didn't want her to cry ever again.
That was why she had to send him off with a smile.
And yet... there was something wrong with her.
Why were her eyes burning?
She swore she would never cry.
Suzumu had spent a thousand years to set her free. So she had to smile just as long...
Toé gave Suzumu's body the best smile she could muster.
It was strained and hardly what most people would call genuine, but it was a smile nonetheless.
Teardrops made rivers down her cheeks... and yet she smiled.
⑳Oh right, Suzumu... I heard from the others.⑳
⑳They said... they all kissed you...⑳
⑳But... I'm the only one... who still hasn't...⑳
⑳Even though it's too late now... when you're no longer here.⑳
Toé mustered her courage and gave Suzumu her first kiss.
The kiss she'd kept from Sho Kamenuma, no matter how much he prodded her.
Finally, Hinagata came over, and leaned into the casket.
Almost like she was having one final chat in secret with Suzumu.
(Brother... Are you all right with this?)
(The thousand-year curse has ended. But... is this really how it should be?)
...
(I know how you feel, Brother. But still...)
(If you understand, please, grant me one request...)
(Please, use your power just this once to bring about a miracle. Please, just this once...)
...
(Brother...)
...
Hinagata rose with bitterness swelling in her heart.
The curse had already been broken. Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto had returned to the heavens.
No one would answer her...
The soot within her would likely vanish sooner or later.
After the sutras were chanted, the funeral presenter told everyone to see Suzumu off one last time.
They all gathered at the altar and put flowers in the casket.
Suzumu's portrait up above was smiling.
But his body looked like it was sleeping, his mouth agape like an innocent child's.
The girls couldn't hold back their tears at the contrast between the two Suzumus.
And finally, the time came to close the casket.
Once the lid was shut, Suzumu's face would be lost to them forever.
In that last moment, Toé finally broke down.
She ran over to the casket, and raised her voice for the first time, sobbing.
⑳You're ten years too late! A hundred years too late! A thousand years too late!⑳
⑳How long will it be this time?! How many years are you going to be late?!⑳
⑳I don't care if it's a thousand! I'll always be waiting for you!⑳
⑳So promise! Promise you'll come back to me!⑳
⑳Suzumu... Suzumu! *sob* *sob* *sob*⑳
...Okay. Then I'll come back now, Toé.
...Okay. Then I'll come back now, Toé.
Toé jolted upright. She swore she'd heard Suzumu's voice.
⑳Su-Suzumu?! Suzumu!⑳
⑳Let me go! I'm not crazy! I heard him! I heard his voice!⑳
⑳He spoke! Suzumu's alive! He's alive!⑳
The mourners all gaped in shock as the flowers spilled out of the casket.
⑳M-Mmmmmmmmmmmm...⑳
⑳Su...Su...⑳
⑳Suzumu!⑳
⑳You're alive! You're really alive! *sob*⑳
⑳Sn-Snap out of it, all of you! Susuhara's alive! We need to get him out of that casket!⑳
⑳...Guys? Where are we...?⑳
⑳At a funeral. Yours.⑳
⑳Huh? Whose?⑳
⑳Anyway... I'm starving...⑳
⑳Ha... Ha ha ha ha ha... Ha ha...⑳
⑳Toé?⑳
⑳Suzumu... When did you start calling me by my first name?⑳
⑳You're doing the same, you know.⑳
⑳It's fine. After all, we were the ones who decided to call each other by name. One thousand years ago.⑳
⑳All right, the funeral's off! Someone call a doctor! Quickly!⑳
⑳H-He said he's starving! We have the offerings for the funeral, but... are we allowed to eat those?⑳
⑳Of course we are! I'll eat them myself! Because there's no point to this funeral now!⑳
⑳I'm gonna eat it! I'm gonna eat every last bite! *sob* I'll slaughter this food, dammit!⑳
⑳That's the Great Susuhara for you. You slipped in a Monster Reborn at the bottom of your deck, didn't you?⑳
⑳Huh? Oh hey, it's the card I always wanted. You're giving it to me?⑳
⑳Sorry, but too bad! This baby returns to the hand when a monster returns to the field!⑳
The aftermath was a total mess.
The whole room was a jumble of shock and joy at this unprecedented occurrence.
No one had ever heard of the subject of his own funeral stuffing his cheeks with the sushi offered to his casket.
Suzumu's parents laughed and cried when they got a call from the crematorium asking why the hearse hadn't arrived yet.
It really was a total mess...
But it didn't matter. Not after a miracle like this.
Afterwards, the doctor gave Suzumu a checkup, and with the exception of some minor atrophy, he passed with a clean bill of health.
They kept him hospitalized for a few days to be safe, but by the next week, Suzumu had returned to his day-to-day life.
⑳He's here! Now!⑳
Once Suzumu entered the clubroom, the members of the LCSC set off their party poppers all at once.
Suzumu was literally bathed in colors from all the confetti.
Soft drinks and tea sat on the table, with the words ⑳WELCOME BACK FROM THE DEAD⑳ written on the blackboard.
⑳It sure is good to have you back to life. You better not do that again or I'm gonna slaughter you myself!⑳
⑳My Twetter was in an uproar when I tweeted about how someone close to me woke up at their own funeral.⑳
⑳There were all these threads speculating who this someone close to me could be! It was so stupid!⑳
⑳I've been through some pretty fantastical stuff of my own, but this one takes the cake!⑳
⑳Welcome back... Suzumu.⑳
⑳I'm back, Toé.⑳
⑳Uh, ahem. With all that said...⑳
⑳We have quite a lot of questions for you and Kurokami, Susuhara.⑳
⑳Huh? Huh?⑳
⑳Kurokki! Suzumun! You guys have been calling each other by your first names since that day! Since when have you been that close, huh?⑳
⑳Suzumu, why is there someone other than me allowed to call you by name?!⑳
⑳In fact, I believe that means we should be allowed to call you by name, too!⑳
⑳We'd better like what we hear, or we'll send you packing straight back to the graveyard, if you catch my drift.⑳
⑳How long have the two of you been in that kind of relationship?!⑳
⑳Uh, umm... Khee, khee...⑳
⑳Kurokki! You can't mumble your way out of this one!⑳
⑳Answer the question, Susuhara!⑳
⑳Um... since a thousand years ago... I guess?⑳
There was a cry of shock, followed by a tumultuous uproar.
⑳Oh man. Great men are so popular.⑳
⑳You're pretty great yourself. You're Susuhara's great brother.⑳
⑳Since the fact you're here is another proof of the miracle.⑳
⑳'Proof of the miracle?' You mean the ultra-rare card 'Proof of the Miracle'?! You play too, Ms. Hinagata?!⑳
⑳Uh, what? I have no idea what you're talking about!⑳
(...Brother.)
(Even this miracle was part of fate's design from the start, wasn't it?)
(For there to be something even us, the fragments of the gods, were not aware of... Fate is quite the capricious one.)
Hinagata's hair shone in the sunlight as she gulped down a non-alcoholic beer.
It almost looked like the antlers of the sacred deer could be seen in that radiance...
⑳All is as it should be, right, Brother?⑳
⑳I am Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse.⑳
⑳...And curses are cruel.⑳
LCSC's Great Days
⑳Hmm? Hey, Toé! Get over here when I call for you! You're keepin' me waitin'!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Sho, ain't it kinda unreasonable to expect her to get here in thirty seconds?⑳
⑳That don't change nothin'. Takin' crap from me is her job.⑳
⑳Damn, that's harsh. Aha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳C'mon, haul your ass over here.⑳
⑳Go...⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
Normally, Toé obeyed him without a word.
But this time, she was staring at Sho with the doll in her hands.
⑳...Go...⑳
⑳Fuckin' hell, again with this bullcrap?⑳
⑳...to hell.⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
⑳I'm saying I hate you.⑳
⑳?!⑳
The delinquents were stunned to see Toé glare at Sho and say that right to his face.
It was less what she'd said and more that she'd spoken of her own volition that had shocked Sho.
⑳The engagement is off.⑳
⑳I don't need you to get me pregnant anymore. So...⑳
No one could say a word.
Toé's voice and glare were fierce and full of bite.
They couldn't believe that this was the same girl who'd acted like a soulless doll up until now.
⑳Ha... ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳O-Of all the things to say!⑳
⑳A-Aren't you supposed to be head over heels for me? Y-Y-You shouldn't say shit you don't mean.⑳
⑳I never liked you. At all.⑳
⑳B-Bullshit! D-D-Didn't you propose to me 'cause you fell for me at first sight?!⑳
⑳That was just a story my father made up on the spot.⑳
⑳M-M-Made up?! Whoa whoa whoa whoa, you've gotta be fuckin' kiddin' me!⑳
Sho was stumbling over his words so much that even his buddies were embarrassed.
⑳We swore we were gonna spend the rest of our lives together, didn't we?⑳
⑳No, we didn't.⑳
⑳W-W-W-We're like, the lovey-dovey-est couple there ever was! Aren't we?!⑳
⑳That's news to me.⑳
⑳B-B-But, but, but we had that whole S&M thing going for us! Weren't you totally into it?!⑳
⑳I don't even know what that means.⑳
⑳S-S-So you just got tired of it, then?! You're done with the whole thing?! Y-You should've told me!⑳
⑳You wanna do that, uh, um, wall pound thing that's the rage these days?! You wanna be carried princess style?!⑳
⑳Oh, or maybe that coup d'etat thing?! You can be the queen and I'll be the evil vizier! Yeah! You'd like that, right?! Right?!⑳
⑳...⑳
The image Sho had cultivated was plummeting down. As though his stock had crashed as low as possible.
He begged Toé to take him back, but she was having none of it.
⑳One more thing. Don't call me Toé ever again.⑳
⑳That's all. Goodbye.⑳
⑳W-Wait! No! Toé! Lady Toé!⑳
⑳Waaaaaaaaaaaah! Stooop! Don't abandon me! Waaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
Sho was left literally kicking and screaming on the ground, but Toé was already gone.
And so, on that day before summer break, the delinquent group that used the bike lot as its fortress dissolved...
⑳O-Oh, I see. That breakup was easier than expected, huh...⑳
⑳It was a real surprise. I never would have thought he had that kind of side to him.⑳
⑳But this is good. This means you're totally free!⑳
⑳...Free to what?⑳
⑳To date whoever you want now, of course!⑳
⑳Whoever... I want...⑳
⑳...⑳
Toé's expressionless face turned bright pink.
⑳Thanks to Susuhara's miracle, the divine curse has been broken, and we've all been freed from the hauntings.⑳
⑳Meaning what, exactly?→You're all normal high school girls!→So you gotta make the best of your youth!→What's it mean to be young, anyway?!⑳
⑳Eheh heh, well, it's about love, isn't it?⑳
⑳Love...⑳
For a thousand years, romance had meant nothing for the sacrifice of the soot-gathering.
But now Toé could love whoever she wanted for the first time in a millennium.
However... she already had her heart set on someone.
The past thousand years had been a tale of blighted love, so she had to make it come true this time.
⑳It's true Mutsu and Suzunome were lovers, but the two of you are people called Suzumu Susuhara and Toé Kurokami now.⑳
⑳So you need to work your way up from scratch and do your best, you hear?⑳
⑳I-I'll try my best...⑳
⑳However, your enemies are tenacious.⑳
Toé knew that. Hinagata referred to the other girls of the LCSC, who'd had their shares of soot thanks to the quintuplets spell.
Though they'd had less of the soot than Toé, in terms of their souls, each one of them was a descendant of Suzunome as well.
In other words, Mutsu and Suzunome's thousand-year tale of love was by no means exclusive to Toé.
⑳If you get cocky and think you're safe because you're the main heroine, you've got a world of pain waiting for you.⑳
⑳Wh-What do you mean, main heroine?⑳
⑳In recent years, sub-heroines have been more popular than main heroines! You can't let your guard down!⑳
⑳But they are not your greatest foes. In fact, that title belongs to Susuhara himself!⑳
⑳Why?⑳
Toé had thought they'd reached a mutual understanding when he saved her.
In her mind, she believed she'd already tripped all the flags for Suzumu, and just had to wait for the ending.
However, she'd been a little too naïve.
⑳This may sound a little harsh, but...⑳
⑳Susuhara's kind to everyone. That means all potential partners could be potentially friend-zoned instead.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Mmph...⑳
Suzumu was indeed nice to everyone. He was kind and treated everyone with courtesy.
But to love meant wanting him to focus all that attention on her and her alone.
Treating everyone equally well meant he couldn't belong to any one person.
⑳Susuhara's the kind that's easy to befriend, but an absolute nightmare to try to make your boyfriend.⑳
⑳I heard that Harumiya confessed to him once and he accepted it, only to go back to being friends in no time flat.⑳
⑳If you think getting with him is going to be easy, you've got another thing coming!⑳
⑳Suzumu...⑳
⑳What a beast...⑳
⑳On top of that, you've got three rivals.⑳
⑳First you've got Harumiya, who all but lives with him, Minobe, who calculates for all possible outcomes, and Nunokawa, who never gives up on anything!⑳
⑳This is your first romance in a thousand years, and it's not gonna be easy.⑳
⑳And you know what they say! Life's short, so make it sweet!⑳
⑳If you're really in love with him, then get out there and fight for him!⑳
Suzumu Susuhara had caused a miracle that freed the girls from the hauntings that'd plagued them.
So now, there were no more curses from gods. No more horror. No more supernatural interference.
Only a love story between men and women, blossoming.
Toé! Kanae! Riria! Tsubakiko!
Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war! Go forth, take him, and steal his kiss if you have to!
This is the tale of the summer where four maidens clashed over Suzumu Susuhara's heart...
⑳Alrighty then. Ladies and gentlemen of the Local Community Service Club—do you remember what I told you before?⑳
⑳We were accepting ideas for the show we're gonna put on for the folks at the retirement home during summer break.⑳
⑳Oh... What did we wind up deciding on, anyway?⑳
⑳We were supposed to come up with ideas?⑳
⑳Khee?⑳
⑳Mmm... I feel like we did a while back?⑳
⑳How 'bout a workshop for teaching 'em how to play card games?!⑳
⑳That's a big, big fat no, of course.⑳
⑳I've set some time aside in my schedule for this, so I'm okay with anything.⑳
⑳I don't know what we're doing, but I'll do whatever you all say.⑳
⑳I'm okay with anything, too. Just as long as the elderly people have fun.⑳
⑳All right, order in the court!⑳
⑳As you can see, none of you had any ideas while poor old me was struggling to come up with something.⑳
⑳If we'd had multiple ideas, we would've settled this with a vote.⑳
⑳But since none of you thought of anything, we have to go with my plan, and that's final!⑳
⑳What was your idea?⑳
⑳Huh? Did you forget? I already told you about it!⑳
⑳Hmm? No, I don't remember...⑳
⑳Honestly, it took a lot of work to get it set up.⑳
⑳But fortunately, I got in touch with the right kind of group, and things were smooth sailing from there!⑳
⑳So it was decided we'd be doing a co-promotion with them, as the opening act!⑳
Everyone looked confused.
Had she gotten in touch with a theater group to put on a play or something?
⑳It's the Susu High LCSC Wrestling Cup: All-Gender Six Member Tag-Team Match!⑳
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!
Everyone showed off their most flabbergasted expressions.
⑳I saw this thing on the news where they put on a wrestling match at a retirement home. It was a big hit!⑳
⑳But it takes a lot of work to set up a match, right?⑳
So she'd gotten in touch with a local wrestling organization.
They'd agreed to lend the LCSC a ring for the opening act of the visit to the retirement home.
⑳Greaaaaaaaaaaaat! Wrestling! Every man loves wrestling!⑳
⑳But I'm a lady, dammit! Minobe, are you serious?!⑳
⑳Mhm. Dead.⑳
⑳What's wrestling?⑳
⑳Would you like to see a video? Let's see if I can find one for you.⑳
⑳Y-You're really going to make us wrestle?⑳
⑳At first, I was thinking of a battle royale with the six of us.⑳
⑳But then I was told that with amateurs, that sort of thing would just turn into an ordinary fight, so it wouldn't be a good idea.⑳
⑳So we're gonna break up into teams and have a 3-on-3!⑳
⑳That's not fair! How come us delicate maidens have to wrestle at a retirement home anyway?!⑳
⑳Too late, Kiki! It's already set in stone!⑳ cackled Kanae.
Meanwhile, Toé was watching a wrestling video on Riria's phone—with rapt attention.
⑳Wrestling is so exciting. My heart's pounding so hard.⑳
⑳So you understand the thrill of wrestling, too?! Great!⑳
⑳This is the only time in our lives we can go all-out like that!⑳
⑳Once we turn twenty or thirty, we're gonna be bitching and moaning about how much our backs hurt! It's pathetic!⑳
⑳While we're young, we can slam straight into each other, spraying sweat everywhere! This is our only chance!⑳
⑳Wow... Wrestling is even more amazing than I thought...⑳
⑳Suzumu, do you like wrestling, too?⑳
⑳Well, I am a boy. I enjoy those kinds of physical sports.⑳
⑳I'll do it.⑳
⑳I'm gonna wrestle. Bring it on.⑳
To everyone's surprise, Toé was pumped up about wrestling.
Tsubakiko was just as shocked, but then started thinking about what Suzumu had just said.
⑳Now that I think about it, Suzumu said that while he likes domestic girls, he also likes strong girls, too...⑳
⑳Oooh, now that's a juicy nugget of info there.⑳
⑳I'm not saying this because of Atsuta, but this is indeed the only chance we shall get to do this.⑳
⑳Can you wrestle, Riria?⑳
⑳I haven't done it before, but my body is ready.⑳
⑳Besides, teaming up with you and winning would make for quite a fond memory down the line.⑳
Riria shot Tsubakiko a competitive glare, which Tsubakiko returned in kind.
As such, there were no more objections from anyone.
A legendary tag team wrestling match between the members of Susu High's LCSC was a go!
⑳Righto, then let's draw lots to split up the teams!⑳
⑳I'm nervous. Who am I going to wind up with?⑳
⑳Mmm, I really hope I'm not up against Suzumu...⑳
⑳Luck always shines on me when drawing lots. Yah!⑳
⑳Susuhara, I wanna fight you to the last man just once! Raaah!⑳
⑳I want to be with Suzumu. Here I go...⑳
⑳Red. The red team?⑳
⑳Okey-dokey, I'm gonna write up the teams on the board. Hold up your lots, people!⑳
The results of the drawing were as follows:
Red Team: Suzumu Susuhara, Toé Kurokami, and Tsubakiko Harumiya!
Blue Team: Natsuya Atsuta, Kanae Minobe, and Riria Nunokawa!
⑳Great! What an awesome setup! Let's make this a good, clean fight, Susuhara!⑳
⑳All right, I'll do my best.⑳
⑳Um, boys? Just so you know, we're putting on a performance, not a martial arts competition.⑳
⑳She's right. You can't just focus on who wins or loses! You gotta consider how good of a show you put on, too!⑳
⑳But of course! A battle is hardcore entertainment!⑳
⑳A flashy defeat is far greater than a slipshod victory!⑳
⑳Um, does that mean it's better to lose than win?⑳
⑳They mean that giving the audience a good time is more important than whoever wins or loses.⑳
⑳I see. Then I'll wrestle my best to give them a good time.⑳
⑳Yes, that's the spirit. Let's make this a fun match.⑳
⑳Woo.⑳
⑳Well, the match won't be the end of it for us.⑳
⑳We'll be going to a pool resort the next day, so save some energy!⑳
⑳Hoo boy! The LCSC is off to a great start this summer!⑳
The match at the retirement home would be the opening act for the start of the LCSC's summer vacation together.
Once the match ended, they'd spend the night at school, then go to a pool resort the next morning.
⑳Okay, that about covers it.⑳
⑳Listen up, boys! Ms. Hinagata needs some help in the infirmary, so hop to it!⑳
⑳Help? With what?⑳
⑳Let's just get it over with!⑳
The boys left for the infirmary.
⑳...Sorry, Natty, but it ain't gonna be over any time soon.⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳I told Mayuhin to keep the boys occupied for a while.⑳
⑳Riria, could you please close the door for us?⑳
⑳Roger that.⑳
It seemed only Toé was in the dark here.
She just stared in confusion as Riria closed the door and locked it.
⑳Okay, we're secured.⑳
⑳Thank you, Lilian. Now then, ladies, order.⑳
⑳Hmm?⑳
⑳Kurokami. This is where things get serious.⑳
⑳You can't get away with any lying or dodging of subjects here, so keep that in mind.⑳
Tsubakiko threatened her, but Toé still had no idea what was going on.
⑳Kurokki. Welcome to the LCSC Girls Association.⑳
⑳Um... What's that?⑳
⑳A ladies-only club where men dare not tread.⑳
⑳Of course, you don't have to join if you don't want to.⑳
⑳However, should you abdicate your seat, you shall make an enemy of us all, so do exercise caution.⑳
⑳Well, we're all basically rivals anyway, so it makes little difference.⑳
⑳Uh... what?⑳
⑳Kurokami, you're in love with Suzumu, aren't you?⑳
⑳...⑳
Toé blushed. That was plenty an answer on its own.
However, Tsubakiko wasn't having it.
⑳Do you love him? Or not?⑳
⑳You must make that clear.⑳
⑳Oh, just so you know, we're all in love with him, too.⑳
⑳Uh, um, er...⑳
⑳However, were we to scramble for his affections without restraint, we would only cause him problems.⑳
⑳So we accepted each other as rivals and made a pact.⑳
⑳To settle the battle for Suzumun's heart amongst ourselves without causing any trouble for him.⑳
⑳So? Do you love Suzumu? Or not?⑳
⑳I...⑳
⑳Do you love him or not?! Say it or I'm gonna slaughter ya, dammit!⑳
⑳I-I-I-I love him!⑳
Toé shouted with all her might.
Tsubakiko grinned and offered her a firm handshake.
⑳All right. That's good, Kurokami.⑳
⑳Now we are all officially rivals.⑳
⑳Anyway, let's compete for Suzumun's heart fair and square!⑳
⑳O-Okay. I'll do my best...⑳
⑳Now then. Up until now, we have failed to trip any of Suzumun's flags, and his route has been nigh-impossible to enter.⑳
⑳But lo and behold, something big has just changed!⑳
Before, Suzumu had rejected Tsubakiko's confession under the grounds he was still in training.
But recently, he'd announced that his Divine Tribute Style had reached perfection.
He still trained every day, but he was considerably more relaxed than he had been before.
⑳So basically, now Suzumu's open as an open book to confessions!⑳
⑳And we'll be spending the summer break field trip together. This is our chance, ladies.⑳
⑳Though we'll be keeping an eye on each other to make sure no one sneaks behind anyone's back. Natch.⑳
⑳How terrifying...⑳
⑳Worst of all, if we all confess to him at once, there's a very high chance he'll reject us all!⑳
⑳So we've decided that we'll narrow down the competition to one lucky lady!⑳
⑳One of us? But how?⑳
⑳During this field trip! We've got the wrestling match, the sleepover, the pool resort, you name it!⑳
⑳The one who kisses Suzumun first amidst all that gets the right to confess to him!⑳
Kanae said something truly outrageous. However, it seemed Tsubakiko and Riria had approved beforehand.
⑳It's important to slowly build up to the right mood before you confess.⑳
⑳If we all confessed at once, it's possible we'd fight each other and lead to our own downfall.⑳
⑳In other words, it's vital that this confession goes uninterrupted!⑳
⑳So we decided to fight for who gets the right to confess.⑳
⑳I-I see...⑳
⑳The winner will receive no interference from the others until they confess to Susuhara, and can take the time they need to build up the mood.⑳
⑳Whether he accepts or not, though, is all a matter of pure, pure chance!⑳
⑳Still, though, this pact is far more constructive than charging him all at once.⑳
It seemed they'd decided on everything before Toé had joined.
⑳S-So basically...⑳
⑳We're competing during the field trip for who gets to kiss Suzumu?⑳
⑳Exactly!⑳
Fighting for a man's lips felt somewhat shameless.
But as they'd said, you couldn't confess without building up the right mood for it.
If she had ill-intentioned rivals standing in her way, that could easily get ruined.
Meaning it would be best to follow their rules and compete fair and square.
It was the most effective way of reaching his heart.
Toé hesitated for a bit, but the others had already made up their minds.
So she couldn't back down now.
⑳A-All right. I'll do my best to get the right to confess...⑳
⑳This is a ladies' pact between we who love Suzumu!⑳
⑳No matter who wins, we'll pray for their happiness!⑳
⑳And then we'll pray for you guys to break up quickly. Nyeh heh heh.⑳
The four girls put their hands together and swore to fight fair and square.
And thus, unbeknownst to Suzumu, the curtains had risen on the battle for his heart.
Who would be the one who got the right to confess to him? Who would be the one to claim his lips?
The die had been cast!
Summer vacation finally began! The LCSC's summer activities had commenced!
The retirement home, located on the quiet outskirts of town, was bustling with buses and trucks carrying materials.
Assembly of the ring had already begun in the recreation hall.
The wrestling organization was taking care of that. Their members were as buff as one would expect.
They'd seen videos of wrestling rings before, but this was the first time Suzumu and Natsuya were seeing one so close up.
⑳Whoaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! This is super great! We're gonna go up on that thing?!⑳
⑳Wooooooooohoooooooooooooooo! Greaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
⑳We need to do some warm-up exercises so we don't get hurt.⑳
⑳Susuhara! This is gonna be a serious match between us! No holding back!⑳
⑳Yeah, I know. I'll do my best.⑳
The enthusiasm was palpable. The event was public to outsiders too, and there was already a line being formed.
There were all types lined up, from young fans of wrestling to curious locals who'd never seen anything quite like this.
⑳Wrestling is amazing. It's so popular...⑳
⑳It's gonna be so embarrassing going out in front of this many people in just a swimsuit...⑳
⑳Oh, shut up. Like you've got any room to talk with boobs as nice as yours.⑳
⑳Aaah! Knock it off! Quit groping me!⑳
⑳Heh heh. How nice. If I were your age, I would've wanted to wrestle, too.⑳
⑳But I'm surprised your agency greenlighted this, Riria.⑳
⑳Well, they generally don't intervene with school activities.⑳
⑳You're a celebrity, so will lots of your fans be coming?⑳
⑳Oh, you don't have to worry about that.⑳
⑳My fans are very well-disciplined. They don't intrude on my personal life.⑳
⑳Now then, whichever one of you lucky ladies will be the first to steal Susuhara's lips on this trip, I wonder?⑳
⑳It'll be difficult to get him by surprise, you know.⑳
⑳We've all kissed him by surprise before.⑳
⑳But we'll -never- let that happen again.⑳
⑳This will be our chance to show how we'll keep each other in check.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I've never kissed Suzumu before.⑳
⑳Huh? Yeah you did. Y'know, uh...⑳
⑳If you mean the funeral, Suzumu was dead at the time.⑳
⑳Oh, I see. I suppose you're right. That doesn't count, does it?⑳
⑳Yeah... That was more of a goodbye kiss than anything, wasn't it...⑳
⑳Mmmph...⑳
Toé was a bit glum.
Still, she swore she'd kiss Suzumu no matter what it took.
⑳Yeah, Toé, that's the spirit!⑳
⑳Love is a battlefield, yeah? Win or lose, it doesn't matter!⑳
⑳You've waited a thousand years for this moment, haven't you?! Then show some spirit!⑳
⑳Y-Yeah... I'll do my best...!⑳
⑳The Susuda High School LCSC Cup Six-Man Tag-Team Match is about to commence!⑳
While the youth seemed to be cheering the most enthusiastically, the elderly seemed to be enjoying themselves as well.
The six members of the LCSC stepped up to the ring.
⑳In the red corner, we have the inheritor of the Susuhara Divine Tribute Style... SUUZUUMUUU... SUSUHARAAAAAAAA!⑳
Suzumu waved bashfully to the crowd.
He was skinny compared to a pro wrestler, but it was clear his arms and back were well-toned.
The strongest contender in the LCSC, right off the bat!
⑳Next we have the Zealous Vigilante, the first leader of the Bloodstained Angels' attack squad... TSUBAKIKOOOOOOO... HARRRRRUMIYAAAAA!⑳
⑳I've loved and lost, but I ain't about to lose again! I'm gonna slaughter ya!⑳
The most experienced battler of the LCSC, the cream of the crop!
She would throw her heart and soul into the match to earn the affections of the one she loved!
⑳A modern-day priestess from Iwaimoto Shrine, here in the flesh... It's TOÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉ... KURRRRRRRROKAMIIIIIIII!⑳
⑳I'll do my best! Bring it on!⑳
Her lack of physical strength was undeniable, but her thousand-year love wasn't just for show!
Her power of love was off the charts! All hail the glory of shrine priestesses!
⑳Next, in the blue corner!⑳
⑳The unofficial open-weight Duel King from Susuda's Tora'ana Cards, let's hear it for... NATSUYAAAAAAAAA... ATSUTAAAAAAAAAAA!⑳
⑳GREAAAAAAAAAAAAT! I'm on top of the world!⑳
Natsuya Atsuta was in peak shape all along! Who could have guessed?!
But in the end, was he just the club's joke character?! Hell no! His composure in duels was second-to-none!
⑳The LCSC's Triple Crown heavyweight president! KANAEEEEEEEEEE... MINOBEEEEEEEEEEE!⑳
⑳Hey! Mayuhin! Whaddya mean, heavyweight?! You calling me fat?!⑳
She may have been small, but she was sly as a fox!
Princess Elice would harvest Prince Suzumun's magic mushrooms with her cunning!
⑳And last, we have the LCSC's prized ultimate weapon idol... RIRRRRRRRRIAAAAAAAAA... NUNOKAWAAAAAAAA!⑳
⑳Lily here! I'm gonna fill this audience with squeaky clean smiles!⑳
Flower High School's members sang and danced till they dropped! That was their claim! But now was the time to see what truth there was to it!
There were clearly fans of hers in the audience, but would she be all right?!
⑳I, Mayu Hinagata, will be describing the action blow-to-blow. I'll leave commentary to Sho Kamenuma, who's been loitering in the front this whole time.⑳
⑳LADY TOÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉ! DON'T ABANDON MEEEEEEEEE!⑳
⑳Oh, shut it!⑳
⑳The referee has finished the body check. The time has finally come!⑳
⑳Who will each team choose for their starters? Oh-ho?!⑳
⑳Toé Kurokami is stepping out from the red corner!⑳
⑳LADY TOÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉ! STEP ON MEEEEEEEEEE!⑳
⑳...I'm gonna give this my all!⑳
⑳Can you wrestle, Toé?⑳
⑳I'll be fine. I studied lots of videos.⑳
⑳Whoa, it looks like she'll be up against Atsuta!⑳
⑳Just to check, but... You won't mind if I beat that thing, right?⑳
⑳Not at all, Natty! We're counting on you.⑳
⑳Do your best! I'll be rooting for you, brother dearest!⑳
⑳Greaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
⑳The first match is Toé vs Atsuta! Any comments on this, Kamenuma?⑳
⑳Lady Toé has the divine protection of Iwaimoto Shrine on her side, so her victory is certain! LADY TOÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉ, I NEED YOUUUUUUUU!⑳
⑳Atsuta, you bastard! You lay even a single finger on her and I'll stuff gum in your bike lock!⑳
⑳Was he always this funny of a guy...?⑳
⑳Anyway, the gong has been rung!⑳
⑳They're closing the distance, there, carefully now... And... goooooooooooooo!⑳
Wh-What in the world?! Toé Kurokami was lifted high into the air!
Natsuya Atsuta unleashed a tombstone piledriver with all his might!
T-Toé Kurokami was plunged vertically into the mat!
⑳...Wha...t...?⑳
⑳No hard feelings.⑳
⑳I always go straight for the kill, whether I'm up against a girl or a kid...⑳
⑳And that's what makes me Natsuya 'Great' Atsuta... The Great Duelist!⑳
WHAM! Toé Kurokami was down!
Tsubakiko leapt through the ropes, pulled Toé into the corner, and tagged herself in!
⑳We underestimated your fighting spirit...⑳
⑳Get lost. Sorry, but I ain't got eyes for anyone 'cept Susuhara.⑳
⑳That makes two of us.⑳
⑳Don't get full of yourself just 'cause of one compliment, small fry.⑳
⑳I feel sorry for you. You're gonna spend the night in a hospital instead of school.⑳
⑳Just you try it! I'm gonna slaughter ya, kid!⑳
The two linked hands and had a contest of strength! Locked arms and reversed! Slipped deftly into each other's blind spots and dished out suplex after suplex after suplex!
Leaping up from the highest ropes, they had a sublime aerial wrestling dogfight!
⑳Whoa, Harumiya may have Atsuta locked from behind, but he's got her in a face lock! Wait, now she's lifting him up! He's going over her head! It's a suplex!⑳
⑳That's Bakiko the Slaughterer for ya. Her signature move is a German suplex straight into the asphalt, from what I heard...⑳
⑳This is intense! Neither side is giving an inch!⑳
⑳Harumiya goes for a body slam, followed by a soccer kick while he's down!⑳
⑳Oh! Atsuta grabs it and counters with a dragon screw! He's not giving up any time soon!⑳
⑳Susuhara, come on out!⑳
⑳Yer gonna have to get through me first, punk!⑳
⑳Susuhara! Ain't you embarrassed to have a girl fight for you?!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Natsuya Atsuta is egging Suzumu Susuhara on, but Suzumu ignores it! He's too cool for school!⑳
⑳The wrestlers are moving in for another exchange! Now they're dogfighting again!⑳
Youth! Adolescents fighting with all their might! The gleaming splatter of sweatdrops! This was it! This was blue-sky, greenhorn wrestling!
The audience was going wild! The elderly found the fire in their hearts they'd long forgotten!
⑳The match is as good as done! That was Bakiko's legendary hold, the Slaughter Suplex!⑳
⑳Serves ya right, Atsuta! That's for Lady Toé!⑳
⑳The referee has started the count! One! Two!⑳
⑳What's this?! Harumiya let go at the 2.5 mark!⑳
Natsuya was completely unconscious. She could have held him until the count of three easily.
Yet Tsubakiko kept herself from pinning him.
This was a six-member tag-team match. She still had two enemies. And Natsuya wasn't one of her rivals for Suzumu's heart.
⑳Minobe. Riria. Which of them will be next?⑳
⑳Not that it matters. I'll slaughter ya all the same!⑳
⑳Wow, Kiko, you're so cool.⑳
⑳Awwwwwright! That's what I like to hear!⑳
⑳'Kay, guess I'll go first.⑳
⑳Our first order will be putting a swift end to Harumiya.⑳
⑳Now them's fighting words, Hag-ical Lily.⑳
⑳...You'll be regretting that one faster than you think.⑳
⑳Once I finish slaughtering the shrimp, you'll be next. Better write your will while you still can.⑳
⑳Kanae Minobe has entered the ring! Things are heating up now!⑳
⑳But she's up against Bakiko the Slaughterer! Does she stand a chance?!⑳
⑳Bakiko used up a lot of stamina in her match with Atsuta. It's too close to call...⑳
⑳But who gives a shit?! LADY TOÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉ! COME BACK!⑳
Tsubakiko and Kanae grappled in the center of the ring.
They were locked hand in hand, but Tsubakiko clearly had the advantage in terms of horsepower.
She was pushing Kanae closer and closer to her corner.
⑳I'm way stronger than you, Minobe.⑳
⑳True. But I've got you beat when it comes to wits now, don't I?⑳
⑳You need your head checked or somethin'? I'm gonna slaughter you!⑳
⑳What?!⑳
⑳Oh my, what's this?! Riria Nunokawa has entered the ring! She's got Harumiya locked in a hold!⑳
⑳Now I see! So she pretended to lose the struggle in order to lure Bakiko into her corner to set up that double-team!⑳
⑳And Minobe has seized the chance to escape to her corner! What clever teamwork!⑳
⑳I do believe I told you that you'd be regretting that faster than you'd think.⑳
⑳G-G-Ghh... You... little...!⑳
⑳Laters, Kiki! Let's do this thing!⑳
⑳R-Referee, double-teaming is cheating! Make them stop!⑳
⑳Heh! Susuhara, you dumbass. What kind of ref would forget to get distracted during a double-team?!⑳
⑳They've propped Harumiya up on top of the corner post! Oh! This move! It's the...⑳
Super Double-Team Brainbuster!
⑳Tsubakiko Harumiya is down!⑳
⑳Kanae Minobe's strategy and Riria Nunokawa's coordinated combo strike carried them to victory!⑳
⑳Which means it's finally time for the big man himself to come on out.⑳
⑳You bet my ass I'll be rootin' for Kanae Minobe! I won't let Susuhara lay a hand on Lady Toé!⑳
Suzumu had finally entered the ring! The king himself had emerged!
But Kanae barely had a scratch on her, while Riria was still in reserve.
⑳With two members out, can the red team turn this match around? Or will it end right here and now?!⑳
⑳WHO GIVES A SHIT?! GO TO HELL, SUSUHARA!⑳
⑳...I shall avenge them both.⑳
⑳Wow, I never knew you could make such a scary face! I'm quaking in my boots!⑳
⑳Whoa! Who would've expected Minobe to be so nimble?! She's fast!⑳
⑳She intercepted that scissor tackle and caught his legs! Not bad!⑳
⑳Sorry, Suzumun. This is gonna hurt a little.⑳
⑳Huh? What? Whoa! Owwwwwwww!⑳
⑳Talk about merciless with a capital M! That chick's got this in the bag!⑳
⑳Let's take a look at Kanae Minobe's profile!⑳
⑳Whoaaaaaaaaaa! This is new info! Apparently, she used to watch wrestling on TV with her father as a kid! She's an expert!⑳
⑳Hurts, doesn't it? Doesn't it? Wanna throw in the towel?⑳
⑳M-Mghhhhh, ughhhhhhhhh!⑳
⑳Kurokki and Kiki are already down for the count. No one's coming to save you, Suzumun.⑳
⑳But you're a tough boy. This won't be enough to make you tap out, now, will it?⑳
⑳Guess I better give these guys another twist, huh?!⑳
⑳What's this?! She flipped him over?! Is that an STF?!⑳
⑳Kanae Minobe is going for a Stepover Toehold Facelock!⑳
⑳What a shocker! Sticky as a caterpillar! That's one heck of a submission hold!⑳
Suzumu lay on his belly, with his neck and one leg painfully constricted!
Mockingly, Kanae squeezed harder as Suzumu groped for the ropes! The ref would stop the lock if he could only reach them!
⑳Even the strongest man in the world is powerless before a joint lock like that...⑳
⑳SERVES YOU RIGHT, SUSUHARA! LADY TOÉ IS MY FIANCÉ!⑳
⑳His neck! His ankle! Susuhara is being attacked in two spots at once! Is he about to surrender?!⑳
⑳Your eyes fail you, Ms. Hinagata. She's got him in three spots.⑳
Riria understood Kanae's plan.
She aimed not to win the wrestling match, but the true battle she and the rest of the girls were fighting.
First of all, Suzumu had about as much of a libido as a saint. No question there.
And even if he did happen to have a little, it was probably no better than a panda's—seeking to breed once a year.
Trying to confess and coax a kiss out of someone like that was pointless.
So first things first, they had to awaken the red-blooded man sleeping inside him!
⑳C'mon now, Suzumun! Nyeh heh heh!⑳
⑳Have you ever felt this much of a girl's skin on you? Have you?⑳
⑳Mmmmmgh, that hurts... It hurts, mghhhhh...⑳
⑳C'mon boy! A healthy high school girl's skin and a swimsuit are all you can feel!⑳
⑳Can you feel how hard I'm squishing my boobs against your back there?⑳
⑳M-Mmmmmmmmm... *pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳Aww, it's so cute when you pant! I wanna hear more!⑳
⑳Mmmmmm, mghaaaaaaaaaaaa! *pant* *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳Hey, don't you wanna do something to get that heart pounding even harder?⑳
⑳If you throw in the towel, we can have a little wrestling session all to ourselves tonight...⑳
⑳Mgghaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, mmmmmmmmmmm!⑳
⑳Mgggghaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳She's doing quite a number on him. Well, not like I stand a chance either unless Susuhara understands what he's missing out on.⑳
⑳I'll just savor Susuhara's cute gasps for a little while longer.⑳
⑳What a terrifying killer move! Caught between pain and pleasure, Suzumu Susuhara may very well be on death's door!⑳
⑳Heh! Get wrecked, Susuhara! You're pathetic! Lady Toé is my wifeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!⑳
⑳Huh?!⑳
Tsubakiko's super low-altitude drop kick caught Kanae in the face and sent her flying.
⑳Haah, haah...! I'm... going to... protect Suzumu! Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!⑳
⑳What a surprise! We thought Tsubakiko Harumiya was outta the game, yet here she is, back from the dead!⑳
⑳Ki-Kiko...⑳
⑳Suzumu... You rest! *pant* *pant*⑳
⑳Kanae Minobe is down! Riria Nunokawa has dragged her back into their corner and tagged in! She's in the ring!⑳
⑳You may not be dead, but I believe you're on your last legs.⑳
⑳Shaddup! I'll slaughter ya!⑳
Tsubakiko mustered all the power she had left and grappled with Riria!
She kneed her in the gut, grabbed her by the head as her opponent pitched forward, and got her in a front facelock!
What was this?! She parlayed straight into a DDT—wait, no! Riria was hanging in there! She was resisting with all her might!
⑳Khh, ughhhhhhhhhh, ghhhhh!⑳
⑳So you'll use up all your power until you drop. I'm impressed.⑳
⑳If you could dance, you'd be a prime candidate for Flower High.⑳
⑳Like I give a hoot! I'm gonna drive that skull of yours right through the ring!⑳
⑳Sorry, I take that back. You'd never make it as an idol with such a foul mouth.⑳
⑳Idols... have to be... as sensational as I am!⑳
⑳Wh-Whoaaaaaaaaaa! Harumiya's soaring through the air!⑳
⑳Riria Nunokawa managed to lift Tsubakiko Harumiya up despite being in a front facelock!⑳
The Northern Lights suplex!
⑳N-Now that was brutal! Harumiya's arms were totally locked down, so she couldn't break her fall!⑳
⑳Tsubakiko Harumiya... isn't getting up this time! She's out! What a finisher!⑳
⑳Heh heh, this match is really letting me strut my stuff.⑳
⑳Now come on, Susuhara. It's just you and I now. And there isn't much time left.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You're right. And I'm not one for a draw.⑳
⑳That's the spirit. Now come forth!⑳
⑳Here I go! It's on, Riria!⑳
Neither Suzumu nor Riria took a single step back.
Retreat was not an option here! Not when there were comrades to be avenged!
From an exchange of backhand chops to grappling! Swinging from the ropes! Missed clotheslines! The excitement couldn't be any greater!
⑳Well done, Susuhara. Start off the climax just like we scripted.⑳
⑳Okay. Let's do our best to make this finale as great as it can possibly be.⑳
It went without saying, but this wrestling match was purely for entertainment.
Nearly all moves were done only with the consent of their opponent.
At first glance, their strikes appeared to be dishing out major damage, but that wasn't true at all.
They were nothing more than well-constructed fakes that owed themselves to the built-in sounds in the mat and clever landings.
The whole thing was ⑳booked⑳—scripted in advance.
Of course, this climactic background music that kicked in when time was running out was part of it, too.
Hinagata was controlling the audio from where she sat.
There would be no point to the match if the audience wasn't having fun. So Riria had written the script to ensure an interesting match.
And now the time for the grand finale had come!
Riria hit Suzumu with a toe kick, then grabbed him as he reeled from the blow.
Then, she lifted him up in one swift motion...
⑳Could this be?! A power bomb?!⑳
⑳No! It's a Magical Lily Bomb!⑳
Riria was the one who'd put in the effort to write the script, so they'd decided to let her be the winner.
⑳She's holding the position from after the Lily Bomb! He's pinned! How's Susuhara gonna get outta this one?!⑳
⑳Mwa ha ha ha ha, serves you right, Susuhara! Start the count already!⑳
The referee had started the count! Would Suzumu survive?! No! He couldn't fight back!
⑳...Is this good enough?⑳
⑳That's right, Susuhara! Gold star!⑳
⑳Riria... Could you ease up a little? You're hurting me...⑳
⑳Only a few more seconds to go. Hold out just a little longer.⑳
⑳O-Okay... Owwww...⑳
Riria bent forward and put her weight into the hold.
Her face was practically glued to Suzumu's.
But what Suzumu didn't realize was what an erotic pose they were in.
Not only was Riria holding his legs, her hips were nearly touching his. It made it look like she was forcing him down.
⑳That's right. Everything's gone according to plan.⑳
⑳What has?⑳
⑳I've been waiting for this moment—when our faces got close to each other in the ring without attracting attention...⑳
Riria's plan was finally coming to fruition.
With the rest of the LCSC (pretending to be) unconscious, they had no idea what was happening in the ring.
So she could steal Suzumu's lips now without interference. A perfect plan of strength and intellect.
⑳Sorry about this, sweet Suzumu.⑳
⑳But now that I have you where I want... your lips are mine!⑳
⑳Wh-What's this?! Something flew out and hit Riria in the face... Was that a sandal?!⑳
⑳No, that was... a betta! A betta, right between the eyes!⑳
⑳...This wasn't in the script, Kurokami.⑳
Riria looked up. High above, bathed in the divine glow of the ceiling lights...
...was none other than Toé! Leaping high into the air!
There was no mistaking it! That was the super ultimate mid-air technique Suzunome had devised to defeat Mutsu!
⑳I won't hand Suzumu over!⑳
⑳Eat this! Climax Sunshine Strike!⑳
Wham! The oversized betta struck Riria's face like lightning!
Ding ding ding! Time was up! It was a draw!
⑳Suzumu... Are you okay?⑳
⑳Thanks. But was it really okay to deviate from the script like that?⑳
⑳How dare you trick Suzumu. You'll pay for this.⑳
⑳Oooh, scary! But the match is already over, Big Sis Toé!⑳
⑳Though that's fine with me. Our battle is only just getting started!⑳
⑳LADY TOÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉ! YOU WERE SO COOOOOOOOL! STEP ON MEEEEEEEEEEE!⑳
⑳That concludes the Susu High LCSC Cup! This is your commentator, Mayu Hinagata, signing out!⑳
Despite that chaotic ending, the wrestling match was a huge success.
The elderly were fired up from the fierce battle—and getting to see some skin, of course.
Many of them asked if the LCSC could do it again next year.
Meanwhile, the members of the LCSC returned to school after dark and had dinner together.
They chatted peacefully about crushes and romances until they went to bed.
But that peace was nothing but a front.
None of them were about to let the others get a leg up on them.
They tried taking him by force. They tried casually taking him aside. They tried tricking him into precarious situations.
Every attempt they made to steal a kiss from Suzumu was sabotaged by the others.
Their competition was eventually forced to come to an end, and the boys and girls headed to their respective gendered bedrooms and turned out the lights.
⑳...⑳
I stared up at the pitch-black ceiling, reflecting on the day's events.
Could I really be a regular girl my age?
I'd thought my love for Suzumu could triumph over everyone else's.
But the others were so proactive. Honestly, they were overwhelming.
I got fired up from the match and managed to stop Riria from kissing Suzumu at the last second, but...
⑳Do I have what it takes... to beat the others?⑳
All of us were Suzunome's descendants.
So the others didn't want to give up on Suzumu any more than I did.
But I...
I didn't want to lose...
...
⑳Goodness me. Is this all your thousand-year love is worth?⑳
⑳What?!⑳
All of a sudden, I heard a voice in my head.
Confused, I closed my eyes and focused on it...
⑳Y-You're...⑳
⑳It has been quite a while, Toé. It is I, the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto.⑳
⑳Ow, stop, you're hurting me! Uncle! Uncle! Stop with that iron claw!⑳
⑳Sorry. The spirit of wrestling must still have me in its clutches.⑳
⑳Compose yourself. To be more precise, I am a mere remnant of the curse. Think of me as a scab on the wounds of your heart.⑳
⑳What are you doing here? Have you come to show me more disgusting hauntings?⑳
⑳No need to be so defensive.⑳
⑳Thanks to Mutsu's descendant, the curse has already been delivered unto its rightful recipients.⑳
⑳I have no intention of cursing you again or plaguing you with hauntings. At ease.⑳
⑳Then what are you doing here? Your time is over.⑳
⑳No need to be so cruel. We have been together for a millennium.⑳
⑳I simply took pity on you when I saw how things went today.⑳
⑳I don't want your sympathy.⑳
⑳At this rate, those vixens will steal Mutsu's descendant away from you.⑳
⑳Ugh...⑳
⑳I may be a curse, but I am also part of you.⑳
⑳While it may not be enough to make up for the torment I put you through for a thousand years, I would like to lend you my aid.⑳
⑳Normally, I'd tell you to mind your own business...⑳
⑳...but I suppose I can hear you out.⑳
In all honesty, Toé was worried someone would beat her.
She was so desperate she'd take any help she could get—even a curse's.
⑳The truth is, I have already taken the liberty of helping you.⑳
⑳Do you recall how some of your memories from after dinner are missing?⑳
⑳...Come to think of it, I went to the bathroom only to find myself back immediately after.⑳
⑳I borrowed your body for a short while then.⑳
⑳At that point, I disguised a piece of the cursed bell as a charm and gave it to Suzumu.⑳
⑳Huh? A charm from Iwaimoto Shrine? The kind that gives you good dreams?⑳
⑳Wow, thanks! That's really nice of you.⑳
⑳You could have just kissed him instead of doing something roundabout, you know.⑳
⑳It wouldn't mean anything if I did it. You have to kiss him yourself.⑳
⑳Ugh, I can't believe I'm getting lectured by a curse...⑳
⑳At any rate, just hold your tongue and hear what I have to say.⑳
I had suffered constantly from hauntings for so long.
What were hauntings? Daydreams shown to you by evil spirits.
In other words, it was like they forced you to watch the home videos they'd crafted themselves.
⑳Put simply, the cursed soot has the power to freely show people dreams.⑳
⑳Meaning you could have any dream you wanted?⑳
⑳Precisely! Tonight, your dream will go exactly the way you want it to.⑳
⑳You can do whatever you'd like in it, be it dating Suzumu or kissing him.⑳
⑳That sounds kind of nice, but there's no point if it's just a dream.⑳
⑳Hold your horses. With my power, I can give your dream to someone else, you see.⑳
⑳Let me put it in terms you might understand better: You'll be like an evil spirit giving another person whatever nightmare you wish.⑳
⑳Wow...⑳
⑳Back when I was on the receiving end of hauntings, I thought they were a real pain in the tush...⑳
⑳But now that I'm the one doing it, it's actually pretty exciting...⑳
⑳With my power, you can have whatever dream you want tonight.⑳
⑳Then, I will send that dream to the one who possesses that piece of the cursed bell.⑳
⑳So what if you were to send a dream where you're all lovey-dovey with Suzumu right to him...?⑳
⑳Th...⑳
⑳Then he'd have the same dream?⑳
⑳If he has a dream where he's all lovey-dovey with you, he won't be able to get you off his mind come the morrow.⑳
⑳You'll be closer to his heart than any of the other girls, for certain.⑳
⑳Th-That's incredible...⑳
⑳Th-Then I need to give him that piece of the bell right away...⑳
⑳No need for that. I already took care of it, remember?⑳
⑳You're so amazing! So thoughtful! So useful! You rock, Miss Curse!⑳
I got the feeling the two of us were acting extremely out of character, but decided it was best not to look too deep into it.
I had suffered at the hands of hauntings for a thousand years now. I wanted to do the haunting for a change.
Of course, I would never force him to have a horrid nightmare like they did.
Instead, we'd share a dream of being on a date so sweet and wonderful, it'd bring our hearts closer together.
⑳Good job, curse!⑳
⑳Now Toé. The night is long, but our time is short.⑳
⑳You're right. Let's begin.⑳
⑳So, um... What do I do?⑳
⑳Pretty sure you know this already, but I can't see in the dark.⑳
⑳You must create the dream for yourself. Why not try out a classroom for starters?⑳
⑳Whoa... Amazing... It turned into a classroom.⑳
⑳And don't forget Suzumu.⑳
Pop. Wow, Suzumu showed up, too.
⑳Where am I? Is this the classroom?⑳
⑳Wow... He's moving and talking all on his own!⑳
⑳His algorithm is taken from your memories. What do you think? Rather handy, isn't it?⑳
⑳For an ancient curse, you sure do have some interesting vocabulary.⑳
Oh well. I wasn't going to get too hung up over a little anachronism or two.
With just two steps, I had Suzumu in a classroom with me after school. The scene was already set.
⑳Is this being sent to Suzumu now?⑳
⑳Yes. This is what you'd call a live broadcast—we're on the air.⑳
⑳I'll give you two some privacy. You two have a lovely dream together, and I'll hasta you both manana.⑳
I supposed even the great curse picked up a thing or two on TV or something over the past thousand years.
Oh well, I could save my admiration for later. I had to set the mood for a perfect dream with Suzumu.
Suzumu's image of me had to be that of a crazy girl who made strange sounds all the time.
If worst came to worst, he'd think I was into animal noises and take me to the zoo or something.
Wait, what?! Now the classroom had gone dark, and was being replaced by a zoo filled with...
No, stop! No zoos! Just classrooms! One classroom!
The classroom returned. It seemed anything strange I thought would immediately be reflected in the dream.
⑳Whew. This actually takes some skill.⑳
⑳But it's fine. I'll just regain my senses.⑳
I had to elevate myself from crazy girl to gorgeous lady...
Hmm, but how was I supposed to frame myself in that way to Suzumu?
...No, stop. The other girls would kiss him first if I wasted time on window dressing.
This was all for the sake of kissing Suzumu.
⑳Huh? My body's moving on its own!⑳
My body suddenly ran forward, grabbed Suzumu by the shoulders, and pushed him against the wall.
⑳Wh-What?⑳
⑳Kiss me. Now.⑳
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?! What was I saying?!
I-It seemed like in this place, I was just another character.
In other words, since anything weird I thought would be immediately reflected in the dream, that translated to my own actions, as well.
⑳U-Umm... What's gotten into you?⑳
⑳Kiss me. Pucker up. Now.⑳
⑳We can't... This is all so fast...⑳
⑳Kiss me. Give me some lip action already!⑳
⑳I-I think you're supposed to be dating before you do this sort of thing!⑳
⑳This is completely out of order! It's wrong!⑳
I gripped Suzumu with all my strength and tried to steal a kiss from him.
If this were a movie, the audience would think their coming-of-age drama had suddenly turned into a zombie film.
⑳What are you doing...?⑳
⑳I can't help it! I've never done this before, so I don't know what I'm doing!⑳
⑳The goal is to give Suzumu a sweet dream that will make him crazy for you.⑳
⑳But if he wakes up from a dream where you forced a kiss out of him...⑳
⑳...Then he'll look at me like I'm the scum of the Earth from tomorrow onwards.⑳
⑳Oh, and need I remind you that this is on-air, too?⑳
⑳H-How do I stop this crazy dream?!⑳
⑳Calm down. Compose your heart and empty your mind...⑳
⑳Empty, empty... Mmm...⑳
⑳Empty, empty...⑳
⑳A-Are you okay?⑳
⑳Ha ha, ha... Is it just me, or are you acting strange?⑳
⑳Empty, empty...⑳
⑳C-Could you let go? You're kind of hurting me...⑳
⑳Good, he's stopped.⑳
⑳Just do your best from now on. Try coming up with a sweet and wonderful scene straight out of a hit TV show.⑳
⑳A hit TV show... A hit TV show...⑳
⑳...⑳
Wham!
A folding fan flew forward and hit me right on the hand, loosening my grip on Suzumu.
⑳Wh-Who are you?!⑳
⑳I shall permit no involuntary pillaging of a man's lips on my watch!⑳
A man in old-fashioned garb stood in the doorway and—wait, huh?
A man in old-fashioned garb entered the room. He was well-built and... sported a topknot.
⑳State your name! Who has the gall to trespass into Toé Kurokami's dream?!⑳
⑳Silence! Have you forgotten my face?!⑳
⑳Sh-Shogun!⑳
Suzumu and I prostrated ourselves before the shogun.
⑳...How? How is this a hit TV show?⑳
⑳I don't watch TV! I just peeked at what my father was watching out of the corner of my eye sometimes!⑳
⑳Still, why a historical drama?! Does this look like the age of samurai?!⑳
⑳Unacceptable! Do the honorable thing and slit your stomach right here and now!⑳
⑳Nghhhh... Forgive me Shogun, but I shall do no such thing!⑳
⑳Alert, alert! There is an intruder in our midst!⑳
I'd always wanted to say that...
...I just wanted to forget this was reality and experience everything in front of me as a dream, too.
Was Suzumu having this insane dream with me? What would be his favorite season of The Unrestrained Shogun?
Once a thought came into my head, the dream just got crazier and crazier.
A group of young men surged into the classroom in response to my summons.
I thought they'd be traveling samurai, but surprisingly enough, they matched the setting—delinquents in school uniforms.
⑳This scoundrel has swindled the shogun's name! Cut him down!⑳
⑳Ma'am, yes, ma'am!⑳
⑳This is one heck of a dream...⑳
⑳That's right. It's a dream. So please, just forget the whole thing by tomorrow morning...⑳
Just then, someone dropped in from above. Huh? But how? There was supposed to be a ceiling there!
⑳Hold it right there. You think a vigilante is afraid of sheer numbers?!⑳
⑳Tsubakiko Harumiya, leader of the Bloodstained Angels' attack squad, has joined the fray!⑳
⑳Huh? Why's Harumiya here now?⑳
⑳What?! What is the meaning of this?!⑳
Not only was I confused, but even the divine curse was flabbergasted.
The scene before me changed from a historical epic to a gang war.
⑳Rrrrrrrahhhhhhhh! Yaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳Gaaaah, gwaaagh! We're no match against Bakiko!⑳
⑳Yeah, you better run, you little shits!⑳
⑳Wow, that was so cool, Kiko.⑳
I was dumbfounded, but Suzumu was getting excited. Did he like this sort of thing?
Th-This was bad... Harumiya was stealing my thunder here.
And how did she get here in the first place?
⑳You are not the only one who knows how to freely show dreams with the cursed soot, Sister.⑳
⑳Ghh, you fiend! So you used the same trick!⑳
⑳I figured out your game when you gave Suzumu that piece of the bell.⑳
⑳Dammit! Bakiko's got us beat in strength and style! Retreat!⑳
⑳Ha, piece of cake!⑳
⑳Are you hurt, Suzumu? You know you can always count on me to keep you safe!⑳
⑳Wait, huh? He's gone? Where did he go?⑳
Now that she mentioned it, I was wondering the same thing.
Then, much to my shock, the area outside the classroom changed into a fairytale world of giant mushrooms!
⑳Where am I...?⑳
⑳Hey, you! Wandering prince!⑳
⑳Prince? Wait, do you mean me?⑳
⑳Over here! Please, you must wake our kingdom's sleeping princess from her slumber!⑳
The rabbit dragged Suzumu over to a girl sleeping atop a giant mushroom.
⑳Huh? Minobe?⑳
⑳You are in the presence of Princess Elice, princess of the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom.⑳
⑳Now go forth, Prince! Give her the kiss of life to break the curse of her eternal slumber!⑳
⑳Pardon me, Sister. I wished to aid Kanae as well. Thus...⑳
⑳You hussy! You shall not have Suzumu! He belongs to Toé!⑳
⑳We both know that love is first come, first served! It has been that way since time immemorial!⑳
⑳Silence! I shall teach you that love affairs are resolved by brute force!⑳
The curses had apparently devolved into settling this like deer.
They were fighting by ramming their antlers into each other.
⑳D-Do I have to kiss her?⑳
⑳Oh yes. There's no other way to break the curse!⑳
⑳But... A kiss requires mutual consent.⑳
⑳Now's not the time for that! Just hurry up and kiss her!⑳
⑳O-Okay...⑳
(Nyeh heh heh heh, hook, line, and sinker...)
(You gotta pull out all the stops to get what you want, whether it's a dream, a kiss, or love!)
(We're gonna gaze into each other's eyes as we kiss and embrace! I'll pull him into a lovey-dovey realm he'll never forget!)
Kanae could feel a breath on her cheek.
Excited, she sniffed the air.
Her heart pounded like crazy at the thought she was taking in Suzumu's scent!
⑳Ehee hee hee! Princessh Elice'sh lipsh are mine!⑳
⑳AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!⑳
The Ssech King leaned over Kanae and gave her lips a passionate present.
Served that caterpillar girl right.
⑳I made it just in time...⑳
⑳I see. Since this is my dream, I can control how it goes.⑳
⑳I have the most soot of the bunch, so I won't let my sisters take this from me.⑳
A little too late for that, if I said so myself.
Wait, Suzumu vanished again!
⑳Thanks for coming out today, everyone! And just look at all of you! Thank you all so much!⑳
⑳I have a very important announcement for all of you!⑳
⑳Riria Kurusu will be graduating from Flower High as of today! I'm gonna become an ordinary girl!⑳
⑳Whaaaaaaaaaaaat?! Don't quit!⑳
⑳Sorry, guys! But my mind is made up!⑳
⑳Starting from tomorrow, I, Riria Kurusu...⑳
⑳...will be Suzumu Susuhara's wife!⑳
⑳Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!⑳
⑳Wh-What?! Huh? Huh?⑳
The fans stepped back like a parting sea, leaving a path open between Suzumu and Riria.
⑳Please accept me, Susuhara!⑳
⑳Wh-What are you talking about?! What's the meaning of this?!⑳
Just then, countless guillotine racks lined the path between Suzumu and Riria!
Their blades dropped down, leading to a bloody tragedy and mass panic!
⑳You filthy floozy. I'll slice you up and stuff you between tomatoes and cheese.⑳
⑳Agh! How dare you ruin others' dreams!⑳
⑳Come forth, my Stand! 'Magical Princess!'⑳
⑳Lily here! I'm gonna make your rival in love squeaky clean!⑳
⑳Huh?! Two of them?!⑳
⑳Squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky... Squeaky clean!⑳
I was caught between the two Ririas and pummeled by their ⑳Squeaky Clean⑳ rush attack.
The combo counter stopped at 99, but I'm sure I was punched more than that.
At this rate, I couldn't stop her now. She was having such a good time—having a ball.
⑳Come forth, my 'Cursed Soot!' Power: B/Speed: D/Persistence: S/Precision: D/Potential: C!⑳
⑳Wow, I never knew I was so low-tier.⑳
⑳What?! She vanished?! She's above!⑳
⑳ROAD ROLL—I mean... TEMPLE BELL!⑳
*Wham*
⑳Noooooo! It's so dark and cramped in here! I'm scared!⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant* Serves you right.⑳
It seemed there were other fierce battles going on besides the one here.
Tsubakiko was wriggling on the ground, wrapped in caterpillar silk.
Kanae, who was well-loved by hideous monsters, was getting a passionate kiss from the Mr. Daddy blob...
⑳Ha ha ha. It appears I've won.⑳
⑳Ha ha ha ha... Ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳This... is a dream. That's right... This has to be a haunting...⑳
Suzumu fell to the ground as he muttered to himself.
Wait, was this it? This was my chance, wasn't it?
⑳Suzumu. Kiss. Now.⑳
I crawled over to Suzumu and leaned down, trying to kiss him.
It was like a scene out of a horror movie. How was this supposed to get me closer to Suzumu's heart?
⑳I'm sorry. I was only trying to help...⑳
⑳It's fine. This just means there are no shortcuts in love.⑳
⑳Please, just end it already.⑳
⑳All right. The haunting will end here... Goodnight.⑳
⑳Goodnight...⑳
⑳I'm scared to hear what Suzumu will think of this in the morning...⑳
⑳Morning, girls! Did you sleep well?⑳
⑳Ugh...⑳
⑳Aha ha ha...⑳
⑳*sigh*⑳
⑳I never thought we'd be taking our fight all the way into our dreams...⑳
All the girls looked like they hadn't slept in weeks.
They'd all had crazy dreams, egged on by the cursed soot.
⑳Suzumu had that same messed-up dream... didn't he?⑳
⑳Yes. From start to finish.⑳
⑳Most men would develop gynophobia after a nightmare like that, wouldn't they?⑳
⑳Man, I knew I shouldn't have listened to a curse...⑳
⑳*sigh*⑳
All four girls sighed, much to Hinagata's confusion.
The boys came in at that point.
⑳Susuhara, Atsuta, morning!⑳
⑳Good morning. And good morning to the rest of you.⑳
⑳Huh? I didn't expect him to be so cheerful...⑳
⑳Hmm? What's wrong? Is there something on my face?⑳
⑳Nope! Nope! Nope! Nothing at all! Nothing at all!⑳
⑳Suzumu... Did you have any dreams last night?⑳
⑳Dreams? No, I don't think so...⑳
⑳What about you, Atsuta? You look like you've been through the wringer.⑳
⑳Who, me...?⑳
⑳*sigh*⑳
⑳It can't be...⑳
⑳Suzumu, what happened to that piece of the bell I gave you yesterday?⑳
⑳Oh, you mean that charm?⑳
⑳I think Natsu has it right now.⑳
All the girls turned in shock.
⑳That's right. It happened right after we went to our room.⑳
⑳Wow! A charm from Iwaimoto Shrine!⑳
⑳That's right. She said it grants good dreams to the one who holds it.⑳
⑳Good dreams, huh?! I'd sure love to have a great dream!⑳
⑳Hey Susuhara, let's have a duel! If I win, I get to borrow that charm!⑳
⑳It was a gift, but... Sure, just for tonight, though.⑳
⑳Great! Then let's get started! Best two out of three wins!⑳
⑳And now I tribute my 'Wanyan' to special summon 'Slug Dragon!'⑳
⑳Not so fast! I activate my trap card, 'Slug Salt!' All Slug monsters on the field are destroyed!⑳
⑳No, my Slug deck! You're really good at this, Natsu.⑳
⑳Great! That makes two wins in a row for me!⑳
⑳Okay, then here's the charm, as promised.⑳
⑳So how do you have good dreams? Do you put it under your pillow or something?⑳
⑳Maybe? I'm not sure.⑳
⑳I'm going to turn out the lights, okay? Goodnight.⑳
In other words, the one who'd seen that insane dream was...
⑳Kurokami suddenly came on to me... Then a shogun showed up, and then these delinquents barged in...⑳
⑳Ugh... It was so messed up I feel like I'm gonna end up in a padded room if I keep thinking about it...⑳
⑳Hmm, it might have been a haunting.⑳
⑳Poor thing. Don't give it much thought and it'll go away soon enough.⑳
⑳Yes. That's right. Just forget about it.⑳
⑳Really? Well, if you guys insist.⑳
The girls sighed with relief.
Since Natsuya was the one they'd subjected to their dream brawl, they were able to put it behind them.
⑳It seems brute force isn't the way to win, no matter what form.⑳
⑳I won't do it again...⑳
⑳What are we going to do now, girls?⑳
⑳Honestly, if we continue our battle like this, we'll just end up getting in each other's ways all over again.⑳
⑳That's not all. Suzumu's gonna be so, so disappointed in us all. And then we'll stop being friends with each other...⑳
But they couldn't help themselves. They were all Suzunome's descendants. Therefore, their love for Suzumu was equally strong, and none of them wanted to give up on that.
It was all the quintuplets spell's fault, but there was no point getting mad about it now.
⑳Should we just call it off?⑳
⑳We all messed up this time. Maybe we should just call it a draw?⑳
⑳(^u^)⑳
⑳You were thinking of getting a head start just now, weren't you, Kurokki?!⑳
⑳No I wasn't, no I wasn't! ((( ; _ ; )))⑳
⑳I have a proposition, girls.⑳
⑳I'll bite. Bring it, Lilian.⑳
⑳I don't believe we're even at a viable stage to be competing yet.⑳
⑳I'm not following.⑳
⑳Susuhara is a wonderful man, but he has virtually no interest in women.⑳
⑳What do you mean?⑳
⑳Oh, I get what you're saying. Yeah, he doesn't even have a single porno mag under his bed.⑳
⑳Porno mags... Hmmhmm...⑳
⑳I see. Now I catch your drift, Lilian.⑳
⑳You're saying that even if someone were to kiss him and tell him how they felt, their love would be DOA the way things stand now.⑳
⑳So long as Susuhara holds no excitement for the opposite sex...⑳
⑳...all our struggling will end in vain.⑳
⑳Mmm, you've got a point.⑳
⑳Back in the wrestling match, Suzumun didn't react at all to my heart-pounding attack.⑳
⑳You don't think... he has a BL thing... going on with Atsuta?⑳
⑳Natty x Suzumun... Yeah, I could see that.⑳
⑳No. It must be Suzumu x Atsuta.⑳
Where did Toé gain such knowledge of the Boys' Love subculture when she had been plagued by hauntings for so long? Details, details.
Seeing Suzumu and Natsuya being so happy and friendly with each other made the girls want to sigh.
⑳So what's your idea, Riria?⑳
⑳I think we should call a temporary ceasefire in our war for Susuhara's lips.⑳
⑳Instead, we should team up and work together.⑳
⑳To do what?⑳
⑳To bring him back.⑳
⑳To bring Suzumu back from the world of BL.⑳
⑳Yes. You catch on quick, Kurokami.⑳
⑳I see. So we're gonna give him a couple of private lessons about the joys of the fairer sex...⑳
⑳Private lessons...⑳
⑳(*O x O)⑳
Toé and Tsubakiko blushed. They must have finally caught on.
Suzumu and Natsuya were in the corner, making card game jokes at each other.
The girls wished the boys would just grow up and move on from such kiddie stuff already.
It almost made them wonder if Suzumu had ever hit puberty...
⑳Even if he hasn't, we'll come together and make a man out of him!⑳
⑳That's right. It's a girl's right to teach the guy she likes how to be even more appealing.⑳
⑳I agree. It's not fair that we have to adjust ourselves to Suzumu all the time.⑳
⑳He should have to adjust himself to us, too.⑳
⑳So his bromance may become a romance. With one of us, I mean.⑳
⑳You're right! Our first order of business is leading Susuhara's eyes away from Atsuta, and back to us!⑳
Boom! The girls' passion met in a fist bump for the ages.
⑳Okay, boys and girls! We're off for the standard Hawaiian pool resort!⑳
The ⑳standard Hawaiian pool resort⑳ in question was a massive recreational facility with pools, hot springs, a golf course, and all sorts of other tropical island-themed entertainment.
It was basically just the same kind of staple pool resort everyone in this region had been to at least once.
Getting there would take a thirty-minute train ride from Susuda Station, followed by a free twenty-minute bus ride.
Once they got off the bus, they would be greeted by a resort entrance lined with palm trees.
⑳Woohoo! This is my paradise! I've been here more times than I can count!⑳
⑳You've gone that many times? Last time I went was in grade school.⑳
⑳I've been twice, both times for work. This is my first time going for fun.⑳
⑳I've been twice... in my dreams. This is my first time going for real.⑳
⑳A Hawaiian pool resort...⑳
⑳I had no idea Hawaii was so close...⑳
⑳Um... I think it's just Hawaiian in name.⑳
⑳Eheh heh heh. You can't have summer break without a pool trip!⑳
⑳Meet a handsome stranger by the poolside!→A passionate love affair that lasts a summertime!→What's that?! You're an Arabian oil king?!⑳
⑳No, that won't happen in a million years.⑳
⑳Hey, you can't say that for sure! Not when you've got a Duel King right here!⑳
⑳Yeah yeah, now get moving or I'll chuck your prized deck into the pool.⑳
⑳Let's go, people! To the pool resort!⑳
⑳Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳I must say, though.⑳
⑳...You certainly didn't dress down for the occasion, did you, Minobe?⑳
⑳So what? It's cute and looks good on me.⑳
⑳You're just jealous 'cause it wouldn't look good on a boobie monster like you.⑳
⑳Grr...⑳
⑳Should I have dressed up in my priestess outfit and some fox ears?⑳
⑳Where did you learn that kind of stuff, Kurokami?⑳
⑳Wow... it's huge...⑳
⑳That's Hawaii for you. The USA is so big...⑳
⑳I can't tell if Kurokki's joking or not...⑳
⑳More importantly... Susuhara? What do you think of our swimsuits?⑳
⑳Huh? Oh, yeah, you all look cute.⑳
⑳I'm just waiting for another wrestling match to start up! Aha ha ha!⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha. You were all so cool yesterday.⑳
⑳Ouch. That's all he's got to say, huh?⑳
⑳I want to wrestle again, too.⑳
⑳Not now, Kurokami.⑳
⑳Anyway, Suzumun's got a bad case of obliviousitis. We're really gonna have to drive home what he's missing out on.⑳
⑳Oh! I want to try that! That over there!⑳
⑳Huh? You mean volleyball?⑳
Toé's eyes gleamed as she looked at a couple playing volleyball in the pool.
Just watching it made the pool look so much fun.
⑳Great! I prepared for this, of course!⑳
⑳Wow, you brought a beach ball along, Atsuta?! You're so thoughtful!⑳
⑳C'mon guys, you didn't seriously think I'd be bringing my cards to the pool, did you?⑳
⑳Oh, we did.⑳
⑳We thought you were gonna tell us how you laminated your cards just for poolside play or something.⑳
⑳I'll inflate the ball. I've always wanted to do this.⑳
⑳Kurokami, slow down, you'll run out of air if you blow so har—Aaah! See, what did I tell you?!⑳
⑳Are you okay? I'll take over.⑳
⑳Oh...⑳
⑳Not bad, Kurokki. You managed to slip an indirect kiss in there, eh?⑳
⑳I-I-I wasn't trying to. It was just a coincidence, that's all...⑳
⑳Oh dear, excuse me, Kurokami! I tripped and elbowed you!⑳
⑳Ugh! M-My sternum...⑳
⑳If only you'd had something soft and ample to tamper that blow...⑳
⑳Grr...⑳
⑳C'mon guys, ceasefire, remember?⑳
⑳Wow, Suzumu! You've got a ton of air in those lungs!⑳
⑳It's nothing special. All right, all done.⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata! How 'bout you join us?!⑳
⑳Eheh heh heh. No thanks, I'm gonna take my time relaxing by the pool.⑳
⑳You kids just go out there and make the best of your youth!⑳
Hinagata lay down on a deck chair.
She really was an adult. She'd probably graduated from water games a long time ago.
⑳But we're in the prime of our lives! So let's play our crazy little hearts out!⑳
⑳Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳Yaaah!⑳
⑳Here it comes! Raah!⑳
⑳Y-Yah!⑳
⑳Ooh, not bad, Kurokami. I'm impressed.⑳
⑳Indeed. And here I thought you'd be bad at sports.⑳
⑳Great! That means I don't have to hold back!⑳
⑳H-Hold on, this isn't a battle!⑳
⑳Ow! Harumiya! You were aiming for my face, weren't you?!⑳
⑳I'll show you how it's done! Dunk shot!⑳
⑳Huh? Whoa, ack!⑳
⑳Ha ha ha ha! Nice one, Minobe! Great job!⑳
⑳So this is how you play volleyball?⑳
⑳Don't try this at home, kids...⑳
⑳Suzumu. Suzumu. I've mostly remembered. Watch me! Watch!⑳
⑳Remembered what?⑳
⑳Atsuta, you'll be my stepping stone.⑳
⑳Yeah, bring it on!⑳
⑳What?! Kurokami's flying!⑳
⑳H-Hold on! That technique! It's...!⑳
⑳Max Deluxe Meteor Buster!⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
Boom! A pillar of water rose like a torpedo blast!
Toé may not have appeared athletic to the naked eye, but looks could be deceiving.
Though she was only seeing most games for the first time now due to the hauntings, her motor skills were on par with Suzunome's.
The group chatted by the side of the pool after the intense match.
Sensing what was up, Hinagata had pried Natsuya away from Suzumu.
⑳Hey Atsuta? What's that card game you're always playing?⑳
⑳I wanna learn how to play, too... Tee hee!⑳
⑳Greaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!⑳
He took the bait without a second thought.
Thanks to that, the girls' greatest obstacle had been removed.
⑳Hey Suzumun? What kind of girl do you like?⑳
⑳I believe he said he prefers the more domestic types.⑳
⑳He also said he likes strong and reliable girls!⑳
⑳(._.; ) . o O ( ? )⑳
Toé pictured a buff middle-aged woman swinging a pot while cooking fried rice.
⑳That's not what I'm talking about.⑳
⑳I mean, like, y'know. Do you like tall or short girls?⑳
⑳Wh-What kind of hairstyle do you like?⑳
⑳Do you prefer a girl who has more... plentiful assets?⑳
⑳Mgh...⑳
Comparing herself to Riria, Toé had no choice but to admit defeat in that department.
Still, it seemed Suzumu was oblivious to the minefield he was currently standing in.
No matter what he said, he'd be making an enemy of someone.
But Suzumu showed no fear nor hesitation! He stepped barefoot into the minefield!
⑳Well... I think short girls are pretty cute.⑳
Kanae and Toé pumped their arms triumphantly.
⑳As for hairstyles... Well, I'm not very picky, but I think long hair is really pretty.⑳
All four of them gave a victory pump, then shot an envious look at Toé, whose hair was the longest of them all.
⑳As for assets... Um...⑳
⑳You love women with full, ladylike bodies, don't you?⑳
⑳Objection! Big boobs just get ugly and saggy early on in life!⑳
⑳Th-They do not! You're just slandering their good name!⑳
⑳...They get saggy?⑳
⑳Oh, I don't think the two of you will ever have to worry about that, Kurokami.⑳
⑳Grr...⑳
⑳Why Lilian, whoever could be this second person you're referring to...?⑳
⑳Now Suzumu. Answer very carefully, okay?⑳
⑳R-Right. Assets, huh...⑳
Even Suzumu realized he'd be hurting someone's feelings no matter how he answered.
He looked seriously worried.
Riria lost her patience and grabbed Suzumu's right arm.
⑳By the way, when we say big breasts, we're talking about ones like these!⑳
⑳Huh? Aah, waah!⑳
Riria pressed her large, supple breasts against Suzumu's palm.
Those soft, heavy melons practically slipped between his fingers.
⑳Like he wants anything to do with those sloppy fat sacks! Here, try these perky little peaches on for size!⑳
⑳Aaah, aaaaaaaah...!⑳
Desperate, Tsubakiko blushed as she pressed her breasts against Suzumu's other hand.
⑳And in this corner, we've got some modest, traditionally beautiful boobs!⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah...⑳
Kanae slipped by Riria, took Suzumu's hand, and pressed it against her own breasts!
⑳I don't have much...⑳
⑳But I think they're pretty... and rosy.⑳
⑳Wh-Wh-What color i-i-is rosy?!⑳
Suzumu blushed and panicked.
But seeing him like that made the girls even bolder.
⑳Hey Suzumun, which boobs do you like the best?⑳
⑳Aaah, your hand is so warm, Susuhara...!⑳
⑳Hey, no fair! I want you to touch mine some more, too!⑳
⑳Mine are very pretty, so I want you to see them. Mmm...⑳
⑳Aaah, n-n-no, I'm not looking!⑳
⑳What's going on with you girls?! Cut it out!⑳
⑳Aaaaaah! Oh Suzumun, you're squeezing so hard! You pervert!⑳
⑳The bigger the breasts, the deeper you can bury your face! Like this!⑳
⑳Y-Yeah, well, two can play at that game! See? See?!⑳
⑳If you're too embarrassed to look at them, you can at least touch them... under my top.⑳
⑳Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, s-s-somebody help meeeeeeeeeeeee!⑳
It wasn't rare for people to drown in the pool...
...but this was the first time in the resort's history someone was drowning in breasts.
⑳Well, Suzumu?! Decide whose you like the best yet?!⑳
⑳Hmm. Maybe he's not much of a T guy?⑳
⑳Oh, that's a good point. True beauty is well-proportioned.⑳
⑳I don't have much in the way of my butt...⑳
⑳But it might feel nice all the same.⑳
Toé pressed her butt against Suzumu this time.
Shockingly enough, it was a perfect fit with Suzumu's own waist.
⑳Geez, don't hog him all to yourself. That's not fair. Let me join in, too!⑳
⑳Wow, you're so bold, Kurokki! Guess I'll go for it, too! Yaah!⑳
⑳I-I won't let just anyone touch me! I-I'm only doing this 'cause it's you, Suzumu.⑳
⑳Should we shake our hips a bit, Nunokawa?⑳
⑳St-Stoooooooooooooop! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
Kanae and Tsubakiko placed their rears against Suzumu's arms and made him touch them.
Meanwhile, Toé and Riria were rubbing their butts near Suzumu's danger zone.
It wasn't rare for people to drown in the pool...
...but this was the first time in the resort's history someone was drowning in butts.
⑳I've heard that proof of a woman's appeal rests here. Mmm...⑳
⑳Mmnnhhhhh, st-st-stop it, stop it, aaaaaah...⑳
⑳Hey Suzumu... Are we really that unattractive to you?⑳
⑳Th-That's not true... You're all plenty attractive... Mhhh!⑳
⑳Oh? Was that a moan I heard from you there?⑳
⑳It's all right, Suzumun! Our bodies are yours right now!⑳
⑳B-But this is t-t-t... mmmmmh!⑳
⑳We decided that we're gonna keep teasing you...⑳
⑳...until you see just how irresistible we can be.⑳
⑳T-Teasing? No way... Aaaaaaaaaaah...⑳
⑳It's all right, Susuhara. Just give yourself into your impulses.⑳
⑳It's normal for this sort of thing to feel good...⑳
⑳Or what, are you saying we need an adult body like Mayuhin's?⑳
⑳We won't let that stand. Choose from one of us. Wiggle wiggle...⑳
⑳Mhhhhh, *pant* *pant* Aaaaah...!⑳
A debauched poolside pleasure harem!
With four high-school girls in swimsuits pressed against him, would even Suzumu fall victim to the youthful pleasure surging through his body?!
⑳I-I can't do it... I can't take... any more...⑳
[Suzumu]
⑳Mmmm... Mmmmmmmmmm, aaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳Blrbblrbblrblrblrb...⑳
⑳Suzumu? Oh. He's underwater.⑳
⑳So it felt so good he passed out, huh?⑳
⑳I-I'm pretty sure he's drowning, guys!⑳
⑳Pull him out, quick! Bring him over there!⑳
Once he was out to the side of the pool, Suzumu spouted water from his mouth like a cartoon whale.
⑳Hang in there, Suzumu.⑳
⑳Hey, uh... This is bad, huh?⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata will know what to do! Hurry and bring her—⑳
⑳Oh, I don't think so! She's gonna get mad at me for letting things get outta control!⑳
⑳Do we need to find a place to hide the body?⑳
⑳Seriously, where do you learn this stuff, Kurokki?⑳
⑳This would probably be a good time for CPR, wouldn't it?⑳
⑳Oh, I know CPR. I practiced for a show I went on as Lily.⑳
⑳If Nunokawa kisses Suzumu, does she get the right to confess?⑳
⑳Huh? I... guess?⑳
The ceasefire went up in flames!
The LCSC's advisor was the school doctor, Hinagata! So naturally, all of them knew how to perform CPR!
Even Toé had managed to learn it on a day when she conveniently wasn't plagued by hauntings!
Toé was grateful! Had she practiced the Divine Tribute Style, she would have thrown an offertory punch right then and there!
⑳You're that grateful, are you?
Thank me with a watermelon.⑳
(Thank you for leaving me alone that day, curse!)
⑳Dear me, you all should know better than to wrestle at the pool!⑳
⑳Don't try this at home, kids!⑳
But maybe this would be better with some commentary! Welcome to the Susu High LCSC Cup Battle Royale!
⑳In times of emergency, the oldest student should take responsibility. That's just common sense.⑳
⑳Yeah, no, it should be left to the one whose family takes care of him, thank you very much.⑳
⑳I won't let any of you... steal his lips from me.⑳
⑳Likewise. Let's settle the score right here and now.⑳
Whoa! What's this?! All four of them engaged in an exchange of open-handed backhand chops!
The battle royale spiraled straight into chaos! Resounding smacks echoed across the pool as they struck each other in the chest!
Would those lacking in the bosom department end up with broken ribs?! Or would those with buxom bosoms see their chests suffering more damage?!
⑳Your reign is over, Minobe! I'm gonna slaughter ya!⑳
Tsubakiko lifted Kanae up! Was she going for a body slam?!
No! It was an Oklahoma Stampede! A powerslam straight toward the pool!
⑳Not so fast!⑳
What?! Kanae caught her in midair! She had Tsubakiko in an udehishigi juji-gatame—a judo armlock!
Kanae dragged Tsubakiko into the pool with her!
⑳Now! I'll eliminate you in a flash!⑳
⑳Aaah!⑳
Riria suddenly lifted Toé up! She was going for her trademark power bomb—the Magical Lily Bomb!
But wait! What was this?! Toé sat up and positioned herself to unleash a Frankensteiner!
⑳I-I won't... hand over Susuhara... without a fight!⑳
⑳Eat this! Franken Sunshine Shot! Mgh!⑳
WHOOOOOOOSH! A pillar of water exploded upwards as Toé and Riria fell into the pool!
The battle had shifted into the pool itself!
SERIOUSLY, DO NOT TRY THIS AT HOME, KIDS!
Powerful splashes of water! Youths on fire! Girls in swimsuits locked in ferocious combat!
How lucky you are, Suzumu Susuhara! All of them are fighting over your lips!
A savage battle between maidens trying to take down their rivals in love!
But it seemed they'd forgotten something vital! Their common enemy was still at large!
⑳Are you okay, Susuhara?! I'll save you!⑳
⑳Oh, you know CPR, Atsuta?⑳
⑳I may not look it, but I was in Boy Scouts back in grade school!⑳
⑳Oh wow whoever could have seen this coming what an unexpected twist.⑳
⑳Huh?! What?! What the hell is he doing?!⑳
⑳Oh, Atsuta is kissing Suzumu...⑳
⑳Wh-What have we been fighting for...?⑳
⑳Atsuta was the one who kissed Suzumu first... So what happens now?⑳
⑳Does he get the right to confess?⑳
⑳Ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳*cough* *cough*⑳
⑳*pant* *pant* Did you save me, Natsu?⑳
⑳Yeah! So even the great Susuhara can get a little careless at the pool, huh?⑳
⑳If anyone was careless, it was us...⑳
⑳Aha ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳Oh Atsuta, it seems the others can't confess unless you do!⑳
⑳Huh? Confess?⑳
⑳Just get it over with already! Tell him how you feel about him!⑳
⑳Otherwise, we're gonna be stuck in limbo forever!⑳
Natsuya had absolutely no clue why the girls were ganging up on him.
Suzumu couldn't help but laugh, and that laughter spread amongst the others.
After that, the battles ended, and the members of the LCSC played together in harmony.
Everyone enjoyed themselves... but especially Toé.
She hadn't had this much fun in a thousand years.
Afterwards, everyone went to the mixed bathing open-air hot spring in their swimsuits and basked in the warm water.
Still fired up even after they got out, they headed for the karaoke room to sing their hearts out.
That made them hungry, and so they next went to an old-fashioned dining room to feast upon a traditional Japanese meal.
Oddly enough, all this alone made them feel like they were on a vacation.
Like a three-day vacation away from school.
Once they were done eating, they all kicked back and relaxed as they chatted for hours on end.
The fun times were there to stay.
Hinagata gulped down her beer as she took in everyone's smiles.
⑳...⑳
The smiles of the girls freed from the thousand-year curse.
The smile of the boy who'd saved them after a thousand-year journey.
And the smile of the boy at the end of a thousand happy uncursed years.
Perhaps being in a role where she could see that happen was a bit of a side-benefit.
The cursed soot had been split by the quintuplets spell. The descendants of four of them were now purified of that soot.
Hinagata, however, still had it.
But the divine curse's role was already ending.
So before long, the soot would likely be scattered to the winds and drift off into the world.
Then, it would aid in someone's grief and become a curse yet again.
For as long as there were humans, there would always be a seedbed for curses.
⑳Toé. Are you having fun?⑳
⑳Yes. Lots.⑳
⑳Would you say this makes those thousand years of suffering worth it?⑳
⑳I don't know. Right now, I'm Toé.⑳
⑳Our summer break's only just begun. So how does Toé Kurokami want to spend it?⑳
⑳Hmm...⑳
⑳I'd like to watch TV and eat watermelons.⑳
⑳I'd also like to do morning radio aerobics. And see fireworks at night.⑳
⑳Eheh. You sound like a grade schooler.⑳
It wasn't unreasonable. Her hauntings had begun in her later years of elementary school, forcing her to live like an invalid.
Her memories of fun summers abruptly ended back in those days.
⑳You'll do them all. I'm sure of it. What then?⑳
⑳Then... I'd like to spend summer like other girls my age.⑳
⑳I bet. You wanna keep fighting for your love, don't you?⑳
⑳But all your rivals are tenacious.⑳
⑳It's not about them. All I want is to spend my summer vacation without any regrets, as Toé Kurokami the high school junior.⑳
⑳That's what I like to hear. You only get one junior year summer break, after all. That puts you all on equal footing.⑳
Toé had her eyes on Suzumu, of course.
Having overcome a thousand years of blighted love, they had the right to try their hand at love once more.
⑳Actually, I have an assignment for you this summer.⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳I want you to kiss Susuhara by the end of the break.⑳
⑳And I don't mean by force or anything. You catch my drift?⑳
⑳...⑳
Toé's cheeks were dyed a rosy hue.
They'd had quite the... skin-to-skin contact back at the pool earlier, but a kiss truly was something special.
Hinagata giggled and gave a wistful smile.
⑳Remember, life's short, so make it sweet! Eheh heh, that's what youth's all about.⑳
⑳I-I'll do my best.⑳
⑳I'm rooting for you!⑳
And so, Toé Kurokami's summer vacation began.
As planned, I started doing morning radio aerobics.
During summer break, Iwaimoto Shrine would hold morning radio aerobics with local children's groups on the shrine grounds.
⑳Wow, this takes me back. I haven't done this since grade school.⑳
⑳But when you wake up early, you can make the most of your day. So I'm really happy.⑳
⑳Suzumu, over here. Harumiya, over there.⑳
⑳Oh, c'mon! Quit trying to sneak away with him when I'm literally right here!⑳
We watched TV and ate watermelons.
Watching with others turned out to be so much more fun than doing so alone.
⑳Aha ha ha, aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳Kurokami, you're spilling watermelon seeds...⑳
⑳I can't say I ever thought she'd enjoy this so much.⑳
⑳I've only ever watched the news or historical dramas, so this has all been a fun, new experience.⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! That's so funny! Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
We went to the arcade, too, and tried many different games.
They were all so different, yet all so fun. It made me happy.
⑳I won! Suzumu, I won! I won!⑳
⑳That's amazing. I can't believe you can actually beat Kiko now.⑳
⑳No, even an amateur can win just by mashing buttons as Awoken Ange! One more time! I'll bring out my main this time!⑳
⑳Heh heh! Bring it on! I'll crush you!⑳
⑳Don't get cocky! Next round's for real! Suzumu, more coins, now!⑳
I also played that card game thing.
I was jealous of how Suzumu and Natsuya were always playing it together.
⑳I summon 'Buff Slug Dragon.' There's no summoning sickness, so I attack directly.⑳
⑳Wh-Wh-Whaaaaat?! How'd you get your hands on such a great ultra-rare card?!⑳
⑳I bought a pack and tore it open. It was right inside.⑳
⑳Amazing! I only ever get trash cards from booster packs!⑳
⑳Well, I've saved up a lot of good luck over the years...⑳
I also went to a fast food joint.
French fries were the best. I never got tired of them.
⑳That's right. Fries come in S, M, and L sizes.⑳
⑳S for 'so-so' and M for 'meh?'⑳
⑳Well, maybe you're not entirely wrong... Then what would L be?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳French fry love!⑳
We went to karaoke as well.
I never enjoyed it there when Sho dragged me along with his people, but I had so much fun with my friends.
⑳How?! How did I only get 81 points on my own song?! This score is busted!⑳
⑳What song should we do next? Wait, a war song?! Did someone press that by accident?⑳
⑳I did it.⑳
⑳Just how old are you on the inside, Kurokami?⑳
⑳A thousand.⑳
We went to the amusement park, too.
I won at rock-paper-scissors, allowing me a chance to be all alone with Suzumu.
⑳*pant* *pant* *pant* Mmm, that was scary... aaaaah...⑳
⑳You scaredy-cat! That was nothing! Nothing at all!⑳
⑳Let's get back in line and go again! Let's go back to the Haunted Manor again!⑳
⑳N-No, I can't do it! Not again! Let me gooooooooo!⑳
⑳I guess Suzumu's not good with scary stuff, huh?⑳
We went back to the pool again.
I grew craftier over the break, and so managed to sneak in a visit with Suzumu under the others' eyes.
⑳I'm glad I can actually wear a swimsuit now.⑳
⑳Up until recently, I used to have these disgusting specks all over my body from the curse.⑳
⑳I see...⑳
⑳I used to hate how ugly my skin was. But things are different now.⑳
⑳Suzumu... Do you think... I'm pretty?⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
⑳You're very pretty.⑳
Yes! Suzumu called me pretty!
See? I was getting really good at this, wasn't I?
I did so much over the summer and gained so much valuable experience as a woman.
I had to wonder if it was possible for me to fully live the life of a normal girl, though.
Any girl my age would scheme a little if it meant she could get some time alone with the boy she liked, right?
⑳Oh, Kurokami. Are the others here?⑳
⑳No, not yet.⑳
⑳That's funny. I thought Kiko left before me...⑳
I wished summer vacation could last forever, but alas, the end was drawing ever closer.
So it was about time I finally gathered up my courage and struck.
Today, the members of the LCSC were all gathering to clean the shrine. Or at least, that was what I'd told Suzumu.
In reality, it was the station, not the shrine.
I texted the girls to tell them we were cleaning the station, then texted Suzumu separately with my little white lie.
Because... I wanted to see him alone.
⑳What's wrong, Kurokami? You're fidgeting.⑳
He saw right through me. I really couldn't keep my anxiety hidden.
Because...
⑳Kurokami?⑳
⑳When did you start calling me Kurokami...?⑳
⑳You were calling me Toé... after you saved me.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I'm sorry.⑳
⑳I was just... feeling kind of embarrassed, that's all.⑳
⑳Don't apologize.⑳
⑳That just... makes it worse...⑳
⑳...⑳
What was I saying?
That wasn't what I wanted to say. That wasn't what this was supposed to be about...
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
Neither of us broke the silence.
I knew it. I knew I wasn't cut out for this. I could never be a normal girl...
Suzumu and I were finally all alone...
...and yet I couldn't say a thing.
⑳Say...⑳
It was Suzumu who caved first.
He gazed off into the distance, wearing a sad smile...
⑳Who do you think... we really are?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳We've each wandered these past thousand years separately, toyed with by the divine curse.⑳
⑳So you're Suzunome, and I'm Mutsu.⑳
⑳I don't think it's wrong to say that.⑳
I wasn't sure what Suzumu was getting at.
But I felt a pang in my heart and my chest tightening, as though some part of me deep down already knew.
⑳However, I'm Suzumu Susuhara... and you're Toé Kurokami...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳So... just who am I, really?⑳
⑳Am I Suzumu? Or am I Mutsu?⑳
⑳I don't think it's all that important.⑳
It doesn't matter to me if you're Suzumu or Mutsu.
We've finally crossed paths after a thousand years. That's good enough.
That was what I wanted to say.
⑳But...⑳
⑳...if I were forced to choose whether I'm Suzumu or Mutsu...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...I'd say I'm Suzumu Susuhara.⑳
In my mind, I didn't understand what Suzumu was implying...
...but in my heart... I did.
After all... why else would it be aching so hard?
⑳...⑳
⑳So then... who are you?⑳
⑳Are you Toé Kurokami? Or Suzunome?⑳
⑳No... I think saying you're both is a respectable answer in itself.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Please, tell me. Who are you?⑳
⑳Otherwise, I...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...I won't know... how to feel about you.⑳
Suzumu had handed me a choice—where the wrong answer could lead to a horrible outcome.
I had an answer.
I was both Toé Kurokami and Suzunome at once.
But if that wasn't the answer he was looking for, then...
I wanted to be with him.
After all, I'd loved him for a thousand years.
I'd suffered for a millennium just to see him again.
I was prepared to lie as much as necessary if it meant we could be together.
I'd change into whatever he wanted me to be.
So in my heart, I begged for him...
...to tell me what he wanted to hear.
⑳...⑳
⑳...Why?⑳
⑳Why would you say you aren't Mutsu?⑳
⑳You remembered me, didn't you?⑳
⑳And you trained for a thousand years to break my curse...⑳
⑳So why would you say you aren't Mutsu?⑳
Answering a question with a question... I knew I was being childish.
But perhaps that question itself... was my own answer.
⑳I have memories from a thousand years ago, of course.⑳
⑳It's not like I don't remember once being Mutsu and the time spent with Suzunome...⑳
⑳But... those memories are faint and distant. Far too distant.⑳
⑳They're more like memories of a past life.⑳
⑳So they aren't Suzumu Susuhara's memories.⑳
⑳They're my memories of a time when I was someone else—a man named Mutsu.⑳
⑳So I can separate them from my current self.⑳
Suzumu didn't have to say anything further. I understood.
And that was the definitive difference between Suzumu and I.
I was the thousand-year old Suzunome.
I had gone through the cycle of death and rebirth over and over again, with only my body being reborn each time.
But he was Mutsu's descendant.
He'd inherited only his will—his body and soul had changed with each generation.
When the miracle happened, he inherited Mutsu's soul, bringing back the memories of a thousand years ago...
...but that wasn't the same. He was Mutsu's descendant who merely possessed Mutsu's memories.
That's right. He... wasn't Mutsu.
⑳It must be so irritating to you...⑳
⑳To me... you're the one from a thousand years ago.⑳
⑳But to you... I'm...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
⑳Though I know you from the memories of Mutsu from a thousand years ago...⑳
⑳...as Suzumu Susuhara, we've only just met.⑳
⑳...⑳
My heart was tearing apart.
The irritating cries of cicadas rang in my ears as if to torment me...
⑳...⑳
⑳So... let me ask you one more time.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Who... are you?⑳
...
I felt heat rushing to my eyes.
But I had to hold it back.
People who used tears to dodge questions were the worst.
I knew that...
...but I couldn't... keep the tears... from flowing...
⑳...⑳
⑳I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to make you cry...⑳
⑳It's all right. It's all right...⑳
⑳This isn't your fault... It's mine...⑳
A part of me wanted to bawl my eyes out and bare all my emotions in a jumbled mess... while another part of me simply understood without a fight.
I had to acknowledge it...
The miracle that he'd brought about was simply freeing me from the curse.
Not reuniting us after a thousand years. Not by any means.
He had dedicated a millennium to breaking the divine curse.
I couldn't thank him enough for that.
So what right did I have to cry in front of him because my own selfish dream didn't come true?
All I was allowed was gratitude.
I had to thank him from the bottom of my heart.
I knew that.
Therefore, I had to make that clear and give him his thanks...
...so he too could be freed from his thousand-year curse.
Thus, I mustered the best smile I could.
I couldn't stop my tears from pouring out in droves...
...but I still gave him the greatest grin I had.
⑳You asked me...⑳
⑳...who I was.⑳
⑳I'll answer that now.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳All right.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I am...!⑳
⑳I am Suzunome!⑳
⑳The one who loved the man called Mutsu for a thousand years.⑳
⑳Mutsu, your ancestor from a millennium past.⑳
⑳That's right... Not you.⑳
⑳Not Suzumu Susuhara!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I'm so sorry!⑳
⑳I just told myself... you were Mutsu... without any consideration for who you are now!⑳
⑳I'm so, so sorry!⑳
⑳You're not Mutsu. You're a completely separate person... called Suzumu Susuhara.⑳
⑳So...⑳
⑳I'm so sorry... that I mistook you for him... and fell in love with you!⑳
⑳Thank you so much for breaking my curse!⑳
⑳I'll never forget what you've done for me as long as I live!⑳
⑳Not even... after... a thousand... years...⑳
I lowered my head after I'd gotten all my feelings out.
I didn't have the right to look him in the eye.
The two of us were strangers.
He just happened to be the descendant of the man I'd loved a thousand years ago... The bond between us... was just too thin...
⑳I know...⑳
⑳...Suzunome.⑳
He called me Suzunome.
And so the illusion known as Toé Kurokami would fade away.
The Suzumu who'd called me Toé... would never return.
But... But that was fine.
He had to be let loose.
Much like he'd freed me from my thousand-year curse...
...I had to release him from his own.
⑳Suzunome.⑳
⑳...Yes?⑳
⑳I am Suzumu. The real me doesn't know your thousand-year curse and memories.⑳
⑳Because I'm Suzumu... not Mutsu.⑳
⑳I... know...⑳
⑳I can't replace Mutsu.⑳
⑳Not ever...⑳
⑳...⑳
His voice was choked with sobs.
...What?
I looked up... and saw him gritting his teeth with tears in his eyes.
⑳But even so...⑳
⑳Even so, I...⑳
⑳I love you!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...Huh...?⑳
I was taken aback. I didn't know how to interpret his declaration.
Suzumu's eyes widened as though he'd made up his mind once he saw that.
He then looked me in the eye and said it again.
⑳I love you!⑳
⑳I'm not Mutsu! I'm nothing more than his distant descendant who inherited traces of his memories!⑳
⑳But ever since we first met... I've... I've...⑳
⑳I've always loved you!⑳
⑳You're Suzunome, and you're still waiting for Mutsu. That's what you said.⑳
⑳At that moment, something dark in my heart whispered to me.⑳
⑳It told me we could be together if I tricked you and pretended to be Mutsu!⑳
⑳But I'm Suzumu Susuhara! Not Mutsu! Not the man you fell for a thousand years ago!⑳
⑳I fell in love with you as Toé Kurokami! Not as Suzunome!⑳
⑳So... I had to make sure!⑳
⑳Who you were... and who I was...!⑳
Yet I said I was Suzunome, and he said he was Suzumu.
Normally, that would have been the end of his love for me.
⑳But I love you all the same!⑳
⑳I don't want to hold back these feelings!⑳
⑳Suzumu...⑳
⑳I am Suzumu Susuhara! I go to Susuda High School! I met you in the LCSC!⑳
⑳You are Suzunome! You just happened to cross paths with me after a thousand years of living...⑳
⑳...but I love you!⑳
Though he said he could never replace Mutsu, he still had a selfish wish...
⑳Please... go out with me...⑳
I was stunned.
I could hardly process what he'd just said.
For some reason, my heart was pounding a mile a minute. I couldn't keep my head straight.
Just then, Suzumu approached me.
His cheeks were red and his face was sweaty.
Our hearts were beating with the same emotion.
⑳Su-Suzumu...⑳
⑳Suzunome...⑳
⑳If all you see when you look at me is Mutsu...⑳
⑳Then I'll...⑳
⑳...just have to steal you from him!⑳
⑳Ahh, aah...⑳
My thoughts completely ground to a halt.
All I could feel was his warm breath... and his soft lips.
His kiss was gentle, yet firm.
⑳Suzumu...⑳
⑳Even if you never fall for me, I can live with that.⑳
⑳I managed to tell you how I feel.⑳
⑳That's enough... for me...⑳
⑳I... I...⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳I... I feel the same way...⑳
⑳Suzunome...⑳
⑳I may be Suzunome, but my name is Toé now! So please, say my name!⑳
⑳Toé!⑳
⑳*sob* *sob*⑳
I couldn't take it anymore.
I plunged into his arms and wailed.
Not from sorrow, but because I could no longer restrain all the feelings within.
A wild jumble of emotions all emerged in fierce torrents with my sobs.
⑳We only met this spring and still don't know much about each other...⑳
⑳...so let's take our time... and get to know one another.⑳
⑳Yes... Yes... Yes!⑳
⑳I'm sorry for that question. I didn't mean to make you cry.⑳
⑳It's fine! I don't care! I'll forgive you for everything!⑳
⑳But not unless you hold me! Never!⑳
⑳I can't replace Mutsu...⑳
⑳But I'll pledge a thousand years of love to you that'll match even his.⑳
⑳So...⑳
⑳...please let me stay with you. Always.⑳
Come to think of it, not even Mutsu had said anything like that.
For the first time in a thousand years, I fell in love again.
Not with Mutsu... but with Suzumu Susuhara.
...
...
⑳...⑳
⑳Suzumu...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Come on, Suzumu...⑳
I wanted him to call me Toé again.
I tried coaxing him over and over again, but he didn't answer, almost like he was pulling a cruel prank on me.
Slowly but surely, his body grew heavier in my arms...
⑳Suzumu... Suzumu?⑳
⑳Y-You're heavy. You're going to crush me...⑳
Unable to support his weight any longer, we fell to the ground together.
All of a sudden, the cicadas went silent, and a cold breeze rustled my hair.
Those strands of hair caressed Suzumu's face.
He was... asleep.
He looked like he was sleeping.
⑳Suzumu...?⑳
⑳Suzumu... Hey...⑳
⑳Wake up. Wake... up...⑳
...It was just as Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto had said.
⑳Death... cannot be reversed.⑳
⑳I can breathe temporary life into him, but it will only last a short time...⑳
All at once, I understood what had happened... and wept bitterly.
⑳...⑳
⑳Would you have been able to enjoy this summer... if you'd known the miracle would only last until its end?⑳
I didn't understand what she meant, yet that question enraged me for some reason.
But when I looked up, Hinagata appeared almost transparent, like I was viewing her through sunlight filtering through the trees.
⑳My brother may have thought this a fate too cruel for anyone.⑳
⑳But I'm different. I believed there was so much for you to learn from this, even if it would end in tragedy.⑳
⑳Hinagata... You knew Suzumu was...⑳
⑳I kept telling you, didn't I?⑳
⑳Life's short, so make it sweet.⑳
⑳It may have only been for a single summer, but did you love without any regrets?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳We... kissed.⑳
⑳Suzumu was the one... who gave me a kiss.⑳
⑳I see. I'm glad to hear it.⑳
Hinagata's body was fading away.
As if her very existence was disappearing.
In exchange for the miracle of bringing Suzumu back to life for a summer...
⑳Hina...gata...⑳
⑳Tha... you... *sob* *sob*⑳
At that point, I broke down into sobs, and could speak no further.
But I believe I got my gratitude across...
I tried to tell her something else... but her body had all but completely vanished.
I spoke so quietly you couldn't even hear it.
Hinagata chuckled when she saw that, and gave me her last and greatest smile...
That was the final expression she ever made...
Iwaihime: Celebration Princess
In hindsight...
Suzumu probably knew.
He must have realized his life would only last that summer.
Back then...
...on that day he broke the curse and saved me...
...Suzumu gave his life in exchange for that miracle.
Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto had said death could not be reversed.
That even if he could be brought back, it'd only be for a limited time.
Knowing our time would be limited would've brought me sorrow instead of joy.
So I decided against that.
But Hinagata knew.
She knew we still had things to say in that limited time.
A short time could be a short forever... so long as I never knew it would end.
Mayu Hinagata vanished on that day.
She probably sacrificed herself in exchange for the miracle of bringing Suzumu back for one summer.
I couldn't help but wonder exactly who she was.
She was one of the descendants of the cursed quintuplets, much like us.
And yet at the same time, she was also the divine curse itself.
She'd probably been looking for a way to end that very curse for a while, all on her own.
Of course, the miracle had been brought about by a thousand years of continuous effort from Mutsu all the way to Suzumu.
But that miracle would have never occurred without her. I was certain of it.
She had guided Suzumu down the right path.
That was why the miracle had come to pass.
All of us should have been more grateful to her.
But now... both she and Suzumu were gone.
Suzumu's funeral was held on the last day of summer vacation.
We prayed the whole time that he'd rise from his casket once more.
But that miracle... would never occur again.
When we realized that in the final moments of the procession...
...we all clung to the casket and wept.
We all believed he would come back.
It wasn't until his cremation... that we realized it was over.
His body turned to ash and rose to the heavens, while what was left of him was put in a small urn.
How long had it taken Suzumu to bring about that miracle?
A thousand years.
Then Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto granted me a miracle, while Hinagata granted another of her own.
I had been granted three miracles in such a short time, each a reward for an entire millennium of persistence.
How selfish was I to be wishing for a fourth one on top of all that?
The curse had been lifted.
Suzumu and I had confessed our feelings and kissed.
And I'd wished for a happy future for Suzunome and Mutsu.
What more could I ask for?
Who else would grant such miracles?
No one.
To wish for more would be so greedy that even God would tire of it.
We looked up at the fumes rising from the crematorium's smokestack.
Our eyes were all red and puffy, our cheeks dry with tears.
⑳Suzumun was perfect in every way.⑳
⑳Heck, there were times I thought he couldn't possibly be human.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I think... Suzumu might have been a messenger of God.⑳
⑳Yeah. So I was thinking...⑳
⑳This isn't really a day of mourning, is it?⑳
⑳I see. You're saying it's a day we're meant to celebrate that he fulfilled his duty and was allowed to return home, don't you?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Suzumu...⑳
⑳Thank you...⑳
⑳Thank you, Suzumun!⑳
⑳Thank you so much, Susuhara.⑳
⑳Suzumu helped us all.⑳
⑳So we'll never forget him...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Hey, Kurokki?⑳
⑳Did you manage to kiss Suzumun that day?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳You at least confessed to him, didn't you?⑳
⑳You don't have to play dumb, Kurokami.⑳
⑳We all knew.⑳
I was dumbfounded.
For some reason, they all knew I'd sent Suzumu a misleading text so we could have time to ourselves.
⑳I mean, you do realize you sent your text to Suzumu to the club's group chat, don't you?⑳
⑳Group chat?⑳
⑳In other words, we all got your text to Susuhara.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳We were seriously impressed.⑳
⑳We couldn't believe you were capable of doing something like that for the boy you loved.⑳
⑳We may have taken him by surprise, but all of us had a chance to kiss him.⑳
⑳But you never did...⑳
⑳Your kiss at the last funeral was a farewell one.⑳
⑳So we decided we'd support you for that day and that day alone.⑳
⑳You...⑳
⑳We all knew you were trying your hardest to set things up with him this summer break.⑳
⑳We also knew how you felt about Suzumu... so we wanted to let you have your time with him.⑳
⑳So did you do it?⑳
⑳...Yes.⑳
⑳You guys kissed?⑳
⑳Yes. He... kissed me.⑳
⑳Hmm... Just you, eh? That's not fair.⑳
⑳Uh-huh. You're the only one who got a kiss from him.⑳
⑳I'm sorry... for going behind your backs.⑳
⑳No, don't be.⑳
⑳Suzumun was the one who kissed you.⑳
⑳We've got no right to say anything to that now, do we?⑳
⑳But I will say this:⑳
⑳You have another thing coming if you think we're giving up over that.⑳
⑳We're gonna get more and more attractive and get kisses from Suzumu ourselves.⑳
⑳So we'll let you have this little lead for now.⑳
⑳'Cause we're gonna take Suzumun's heart right back.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I accept... your challenge.⑳
We were talking like Suzumu was still alive... and like he was never coming back... all at the same time.
Or perhaps...
...we were simply too shocked... to know how to accept it.
But time is compassionate just as it is cruel.
Gradually, it gnawed away at our hearts...
Fall semester had started.
Hinagata, who'd run the infirmary and the LCSC, was gone.
Eventually, a new teacher arrived to take over the infirmary like nothing had happened...
But the LCSC had been created by Hinagata in order to help those girls who were suffering from hauntings.
So it wouldn't have been an exaggeration to call it her own personal club.
The school had a meeting with Kanae to discuss whether the club should be shut down or not.
And in the end, club activities were to be suspended until a new advisor could be found.
However, all the other teachers were too busy.
With so few students and no trophies or certificates involved, there wasn't a teacher eccentric enough to take on the club on top of their other duties.
But the club's bonds couldn't be severed by the whims of the school alone.
Not ever...
⑳I'm sorry, guys. I really let you all down...⑳
⑳Don't be hard on yourself. There wasn't much you could do with Ms. Hinagata gone.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳It feels so lonely in here. I guess it's finally time to say goodbye to the clubroom?⑳
⑳...Yeah.⑳
⑳They want to use it as a storeroom for the city hall election ballots or something like that.⑳
⑳Fucking hell, why won't any of those lazy bastards take on our club?!⑳
⑳Shitty-ass teachers! I oughta slaughter the lot of you!⑳
But no matter how much she bellowed, there was nothing they could do.
As of today, the LCSC had been suspended and lost its clubroom...
⑳It doesn't really matter if we don't have an advisor, does it?⑳
⑳We'll always be the great LCSC!⑳
⑳Yeah, Atsuta's right!⑳
⑳We're still the LCSC, with or without an advisor or clubroom!⑳
⑳I'll ask my family if we can borrow one of the rooms at the shrine's office.⑳
⑳Ooh, that'd be great! That's right, we don't need to have the clubroom at school!⑳
⑳Right. I'll help too.⑳
⑳The LCSC will never die.⑳
Toé still believed in a miracle.
That as long as Suzumu had a place to return to, he'd come back someday...
⑳I need to ensure Suzumu and Hinagata have somewhere to return.⑳
⑳You're right.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Minobe?⑳
While Toé and Tsubakiko were enthusiastic about keeping the LCSC running as long as they had a clubroom, Kanae didn't seem so enthused.
Just seeing that made the others realize they'd all been putting on a brave face.
⑳Hey, Kurokki...⑳
⑳Do you believe that Suzumun will come back someday if you protect the LCSC?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Of course he's coming back! He already returned from the grave once already!⑳
⑳A little death ain't gonna keep the great Susuhara down!⑳
⑳Natty... are you insane?⑳
⑳No... I'm sorry, that was insensitive.⑳
⑳Look guys, I know how you feel.⑳
⑳I want to believe that Suzumun and Mayuhin will be back someday, too.⑳
⑳But we all went to the funeral, right?⑳
⑳They nailed Suzumun's coffin shut. They put it in the incinerator.⑳
⑳He turned to ashes and bones. They put what was left in an urn. We all saw that, right?⑳
⑳We know all that!⑳
⑳Suzumu's dead! We're not getting another miracle! You think we don't know that?!⑳
⑳But still! That doesn't mean we can't give him a place to come back to, does it?!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Yeah. You're right. I can't deny you guys that.⑳
⑳It's up to you all. I've got no place saying otherwise.⑳
⑳Then I'll do just that.⑳
⑳I'll be sure there's a place Suzumu can come back to, even if I have to do it alone.⑳
⑳I agree with Kurokami.⑳
Riria suddenly broke her silence.
She always seemed very reserved, so Toé was glad to get her approval.
⑳But please don't get the wrong idea.⑳
⑳I don't plan to help you out.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳You believe Susuhara will be back someday, and so you want to protect the LCSC—alone, if you have to.⑳
⑳So if you want to do that, it's your prerogative. But I'm not doing it.⑳
⑳That's a bit cold, Riria...⑳
⑳I'm sorry if I come off that way.⑳
⑳But make no mistake.⑳
⑳I love Susuhara, and I'm just as sad as the rest of you that he's gone.⑳
⑳However, I believe everyone has their own ways of coping with grief.⑳
⑳...Exactly.⑳
⑳Some of us just aren't as gung-ho about keeping the club going.⑳
⑳I believe it's at times like these that people try to hold out as long as they can for a miracle.⑳
⑳If that could heal any of my sorrow, then I might consider helping you all.⑳
⑳But Suzumun's dead, guys!⑳
⑳It's just stupid to hold out for a miracle that's never gonna happen!⑳
⑳If we keep the LCSC alive for him...⑳
⑳...that means we'll never get over the pain of his loss.⑳
⑳Do you think he'd want that?⑳
⑳I don't!⑳
⑳He'd want us back on our feet and smiling as soon as possible! I'm sure of it!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Precisely.⑳
⑳There's no way Susuhara would want us to keep protecting the LCSC for his sake.⑳
⑳That's what Minobe and I believe.⑳
⑳Then... what are you going to do?⑳
⑳What will you two do... about your feelings for Suzumu?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Sweep them all up and lock them away in a corner of my heart.⑳
⑳Then I'll finish mourning and return to my old day-to-day life so I can show Suzumun I'm making the best of the chance he gave me.⑳
⑳But... I'll never forget him for the rest of my life.⑳
⑳I think that trying to keep the LCSC running...⑳
⑳...would be using Susuhara's loss as an excuse to avoid dealing with your grief.⑳
⑳We weren't trying to...⑳
⑳That's why I said you're free to keep the club running if any of you want to.⑳
⑳I-It's not the LCSC without all of us!⑳
⑳Suzumu would be so hurt if we all split up! Don't you see that?!⑳
⑳You're proving my point right there.⑳
⑳Kiki, we all have different ways of mourning.⑳
⑳The same goes for me and Lilian. We're all grieving in our own ways.⑳
⑳Why are you grieving?! This is Susuhara we're talking about! The Great Susuhara, you know?!⑳
⑳You can't just kill him off now! He's gonna come back for sure!⑳
⑳He defied all odds and came back to life once! He can do it again!⑳
⑳It was just a misdiagnosis. The doctor was wrong to declare him dead back then.⑳
⑳There never was a miracle to begin with!⑳
⑳Just stop it...⑳
⑳Stop...⑳
⑳Suzumu wouldn't want to see us like this...⑳
⑳So why... Why are we...⑳
⑳We all loved him so much!⑳
⑳So why... *sob*⑳
There was a bitter silence.
Everyone knew that already.
They were all grieving just as hard as the next.
That was why they were having this fight no one wanted...
⑳...Either way, I was thinking of dropping out of the club sooner or later.⑳
⑳I want to go on to a technical school, but I can't expect my mom to pay the enrollment fee.⑳
⑳So I've been sneaking out of the house this summer to do a part-time job, using the club as a pretext.⑳
⑳I know how to swim with the tide, so the manager said I can help out at whatever shifts I can make.⑳
⑳I plan to live on my own as soon as I graduate high school.⑳
⑳So I don't really have the time to enjoy my school life like the rest of you.⑳
No one knew if that was really true.
But it seemed Kanae had made up her mind.
⑳So I'm gonna resign as president.⑳
⑳Any of you who wants to try to keep the club going can take over.⑳
⑳Minobe...⑳
⑳If you can get a room at the shrine, then it should be you, Kurokki.⑳
⑳Therefore, I hereby appoint Toé Kurokami the second president of the LCSC.⑳
⑳Any objections?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳So we're really... going to split up?⑳
⑳It's... too much on me.⑳
⑳It hurts too much to be here...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Even now, standing here with you all...⑳
⑳...I can't stop thinking about how wrong it feels without Susuhara.⑳
⑳Deep down, all I want is to get out of here as soon as possible.⑳
⑳But you seem to be standing your ground about keeping the LCSC going, Kurokami.⑳
⑳I just can't believe it. How are you so strong?⑳
⑳My heart is too weak... to bear it.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I'll be the second president.⑳
⑳Kurokami...⑳
⑳I'll always keep the LCSC alive... even if I have to do it alone.⑳
⑳Suzumu believed in a miracle for a thousand years for my sake.⑳
⑳So now...⑳
⑳...it's my turn... to do the same for him.⑳
⑳...I'll believe in it, too.⑳
⑳Let's make a place for Suzumu to come home to... together.⑳
⑳Harumiya...⑳
⑳Me too. I'll be the second Great.⑳
⑳I'm a Duel King. I won't stop holding out for a turnabout till I've drawn my last card.⑳
⑳That sure sounds like you. You've got real guts.⑳
⑳Heh heh, like hell I'd surrender. I wouldn't be much of a duelist if I did.⑳
⑳You're an idiot to the end, Natty. But I like that about you.⑳
⑳If I'm not busy with work, I might also be able to hang out with you guys.⑳
⑳There's no rule that says you can't come back, right?⑳
⑳Once an LCSC member, always an LCSC member! Ain't that right, prez?⑳
⑳Yes!⑳
⑳You're right. So Minobe and Riria...⑳
⑳...will always be part of the LCSC in our hearts. Nothing will change that.⑳
⑳Of course.⑳
⑳We're the LCSC until death.⑳
⑳Never forget...⑳
⑳...the LCSC spirit...⑳
Toé gave Riria a chop on the chest—an open-handed backhand chop.
Riria chuckled and struck Kanae in turn.
Kanae laughed and struck Natsuya, who struck Tsubakiko, who struck Toé.
The five members passionately struck each other in a circle.
Then Toé struck Riria again, followed by Riria striking Kanae, and the cycle went on and on.
Something warm welled in their hearts.
They all smiled while holding back tears.
⑳Looks like you guys have reached a nice little agreement!⑳
Everyone turned around in shock.
Standing there—with an expression that suggested she'd been listening the whole time—was an image of Hinagata.
⑳Then why don't we begin this clubroom's final activity?⑳
⑳Eheh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳What...?⑳
No one was there...
Hinagata wasn't there.
It was nothing more... than a daydream.
⑳W-Was that... Ms. Hinagata...?⑳
⑳It felt like... she was right here.⑳
⑳A... daydream...⑳
⑳Ha ha... so it's just another... one of those weird daydreams... huh?⑳
⑳N-No, that was no daydream!⑳
⑳I saw her! You guys all saw her too, yeah?! Right?! Right?!⑳
⑳I ain't ever heard of a daydream everyone sees at once!⑳
⑳Congratulations on becoming the second president, Toé!⑳
⑳Sorry about the whole new clubroom thing, but I'm sure you'll figure something out!⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata... Thank goodness...⑳
⑳The LCSC was about to be shut down because you left us, you know that?!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Huh? What?!⑳
⑳I-Is this... another daydream?!⑳
Natsuya scratched his head with confusion.
But the girls who'd all been plagued by hauntings were used to this sensation.
This feeling that blurred the line between reality and dreams.
The same sensation that had haunted them for many years.
However, they noticed it felt slightly different this time.
Hauntings were more grotesque, disgusting, and malicious.
But this haunting had none of that. They felt no evil presence whatsoever.
Even Toé was dumbfounded.
She'd never seen a haunting quite like this in a thousand years.
She couldn't comprehend what was happening...
After all... there should've been no more miracles.
Suzumu, Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto, and Hinagata's miracles had already ended.
No one should have been left to grant a miracle!
And yet the seemingly impossible had happened.
Just then, Toé felt a wondrous premonition strike her.
Unable to stay still any longer, she got up on her feet.
She looked around the room as if searching for something.
⑳What's going on?!⑳
⑳Who?! Who caused this miracle?!⑳
It's because you're really lucky... aren't you?
It's because you're really lucky... aren't you?
You said it yourself.
You said it yourself.
⑳You did say you'd saved up a lot of good luck over the years.⑳
⑳...!⑳
⑳Suzumu...⑳
⑳Suzumu!⑳
⑳Congratulations on becoming the second president, Toé.⑳
⑳I'll be rooting for you, too.⑳
⑳Eheh heh heh. Now take your seat, Susuhara.⑳
⑳Today marks the final day this room will host the LCSC.⑳
⑳Suzu...mun...⑳
⑳But... this is just... another daydream...⑳
⑳Who cares...?⑳
⑳A daydream that's indistinguishable from reality... is good enough!⑳
⑳Sorry we couldn't get here sooner, guys.⑳
⑳But Ms. Hinagata and I have finally settled down.⑳
⑳Eheh heh heh heh. Susuhara worked hard to get back to the LCSC as soon as possible.⑳
⑳What's wrong, guys?⑳
⑳You look like you've seen a ghost.⑳
⑳Toé, are you crying?⑳
⑳If that's my fault, then I'm sorry.⑳
⑳But I'm home now.⑳
⑳And I'll be with you and the others forever.⑳
Everyone knew this was a daydream—a haunting.
Toé was no exception, of course.
But even so, she and Suzumu had been reunited. It was a miracle.
Then who had wished for this?
Mutsu.
No, to be exact, the Mutsu from a slightly different world.
⑳I'd like to thank her.⑳
This was the miracle wished for by the Mutsu who'd saved Suzunome.
Mutsu was so grateful, he wished that the one who'd created a miracle for him—Toé—could have a miracle of her own.
⑳...Let her smile.⑳
⑳Bestow unto her a miracle that will bring back her smile, no matter how much sorrow she's had to bear.⑳
And when Hinagata vanished at the shrine, the cursed soot that was sealed within her was released and scattered to the winds.
It was split up amongst the members of the LCSC.
The cursed soot had the power to remove one's spiritual defenses and render them susceptible to intervention by spirits.
So everyone in the LCSC was capable of receiving hauntings again.
That was why the club's departed could interpose themselves among the others.
Of course, normally, this would have meant that evil spirits were free to terrorize them all with nightmares again, much like they used to.
But that wouldn't be the case here.
As for why...
⑳Toé... Everyone... I promise you all.⑳
⑳I won't be going away ever again.⑳
⑳I'll always be watching over you.⑳
⑳I'll be right there with you, so we'll never be apart.⑳
⑳Ha, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! I knew it! You really are great, Susuhara!⑳
⑳Natsu. Will you stay my friend forever?⑳
⑳Do you have to ask, partner?! We'll be great friends for life!⑳
⑳Kiko, thank you for always looking out for me.⑳
⑳But now, you never have to worry about me again.⑳
⑳Yeah... of course not...⑳
⑳'Cause if you ever did worry me... I'd slaughter you!⑳
⑳Minobe, may I stay here with you from here on out?⑳
⑳Well, duh...⑳
⑳'Cause you and I are gonna go on an adventure in Wonderland together!⑳
⑳Riria. I'll keep cheering you on. Always.⑳
⑳So can I still be your fan?⑳
⑳No.⑳
⑳Did you forget? You can't be my fan when you're already my manager!⑳
⑳Heh heh. That's the Susuhara everyone knows and loves.⑳
⑳Toé. You have no idea how happy this miracle has made me.⑳
⑳Because now...⑳
⑳...I can fulfill my promise of being with you for another thousand years.⑳
⑳Is that true? Will you really... be with me for a thousand years?⑳
⑳Of course. I'll be with you all the way. I promise.⑳
[Toé]
⑳You're late!⑳
[Toé]
⑳That promise is ten years too late! A hundred years too late! A thousand years too late!⑳
[Toé]
⑳So...!⑳
[Toé]
⑳A thousand years isn't enough! Longer! Let's be together even longer than that!⑳
[Suzumu]
⑳Of course. I'll never leave you again, Toé.⑳
[Toé]
⑳Suzumu!⑳
⑳You're late!⑳
⑳That promise is ten years too late! A hundred years too late!%NA thousand years too late!⑳
⑳So...!⑳
⑳A thousand years isn't enough! Longer!
Let's be together even longer than that!⑳
⑳Of course. I'll never leave you again, Toé.⑳
⑳Suzumu!⑳
⑳*sigh*⑳
⑳Brother. The cumulonimbus clouds are as large as ever this year.⑳
⑳Oh? It seems we have a guest.⑳
Iwaimoto Shrine's doll memorial hall.
Once, a user on a certain occult forum had reported that when they'd prayed at this shrine for a curse on a hated enemy—that wish had been granted. The place had had some cachet ever since.
If you made top ten lists of Japanese occult hot spots, then this place would be on every single one.
⑳Welcome, honored personage, to Noroimoto Shrine.⑳
⑳You must be quite the curious one to make your way to this cursed doll memorial hall.⑳
⑳Let me hear your words. If your lamentation proves to be worthy of my aid, then...⑳
⑳I am the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto, who governs this land.⑳
⑳I am the Celebration Princess of Noroimoto Shrine—one who curses man's foolishness and celebrates God's miracles.⑳
⑳...And curses are cruel.⑳
⑳Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh...⑳
Musubihime: Union Princess
⑳A surprise party for Ms. Hinagata?⑳
⑳Shh! You're gonna spoil it!⑳
All the girls in the LCSC covered Suzumu's mouth.
⑳There's no point in calling it a surprise party if it's not a surprise, Susuhara.⑳
⑳Oh. Right. Sorry.⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata lives alone, you know?⑳
⑳And it doesn't look like she's got a boyfriend.⑳
⑳She mentioned that she couldn't remember the last time she'd celebrated her birthday, too.⑳
⑳That's a bit surprising. Ms. Hinagata must have friends, and women love celebrating birthdays, don't they?⑳
⑳Well, thing is, women lose interest in their birthdays after a certain age.⑳
⑳Honestly, even I feel like I'm too old now.⑳
⑳I think it's just that men can be too shallow.⑳
⑳You got that right. However old you get, you're always doing the limbo, trying to squeeze into the lowest age bracket you can.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Suzumu, what kind of age do you prefer in a woman?⑳
Toé broke the silence with a truly stunning question. And here everyone thought she hadn't been paying attention.
The girls all had a glint in their eyes.
⑳What age? Hmm, that's a tricky question.⑳
⑳You don't have to specify an age. Younger, teen, or older is fine.⑳
The rest of the girls gave Toé a thumbs-up, as if to say, ⑳Nice one, Kurokami!⑳
⑳I mean, younger girls are pretty cute...⑳
⑳I know, right? Teensy-tiny girls are just so gosh-darn cute, aren't they?⑳
⑳And girls my age certainly have their charms...⑳
⑳That's right! Girls-next-door are just as cute as a cute little button!⑳
⑳Though of course, I think older women are quite lovely as well.⑳
⑳Indeed, the more mature the woman, the more beautiful she is!⑳
⑳...So basically, you're saying... you don't have a preference?⑳
⑳Yes.⑳
⑳Every girl has her own charm no matter what age she is.⑳ What a typically Suzumu answer.
As per usual, he'd carelessly stepped into a minefield, only to dodge the explosions with style.
⑳Anyway, let's get back on topic. We wanna hold a surprise birthday party for Mayuhin.⑳
⑳I think that's a great idea. We want to give her a good surprise, right? Then we'd better go all out.⑳
⑳So should we all hide and go 'Boo' when she walks in the room?⑳
⑳That sounds more like a bad prank than a celebration.⑳
⑳Then what if we put on antlers and pretended to be monsters?⑳
⑳That's more of a haunted house than a party.⑳
⑳Nyeh heh. But I like the way you think.⑳
⑳I'd like to put on a more age-appropriate surprise for Ms. Hinagata.⑳
⑳Oh, you mean like with bouquets or a cake?⑳
⑳So we'll all jump out and say 'Boo' while holding bouquets?⑳
⑳That sounds fun. I'm sure she'll be surprised to be surrounded by flowers.⑳
⑳What if you popped out of a cake, Suzumu?⑳
⑳Points for originality, but that'd ruin the cake. Oh, but what if we got a cake for the surprise and a separate one for eating?⑳
⑳We can't do that. It's not good to waste food.⑳
⑳I think Kurokami might be a little confused about what kind of surprise we're looking for here.⑳
⑳Suzumu, you should probably put more focus on the party than the surprise.⑳
⑳She's right. As long as you put the party together in secret, that's surprise enough.⑳
⑳Oh, I see. Sorry.⑳
⑳One of us pops out of the cake. Then we tell her we have another cake, and someone jumps out of that one, too.⑳
⑳Aha ha ha. That'd be a pretty funny surprise.⑳
⑳Weren't you the one who said we shouldn't waste food, Kurokami?⑳
Long story short, they eventually decided all that mattered was putting together a birthday party without Hinagata finding out.
They'd buy the cake and drinks ahead of time.
Then, while Hinagata was busy in the infirmary, they'd put up the decorations in the clubroom.
⑳Then we just go tell Mayuhin we've got something real important to talk to her about, and then...⑳
⑳...it's happy, happy birthday time!⑳
⑳Hinagata will be so surprised she'll collapse and start foaming at the mouth.⑳
⑳I'm telling you, that's a little dark.⑳
⑳Oh, hello? Natsu? Do you have some time now? Huh? You made a combo with 'Sea Reindeer?' Wow, I didn't know that was even possible!⑳
⑳So you summoned Sea Reindeer and left 'Ebb Tide' behind? Wow, and that way you can use 'Spawning?'⑳
⑳...I swear, that card game makes no sense.⑳
Natsuya was absent today, so Suzumu had called to tell him about the birthday party.
Since Natsuya was a big hit with young card gamers, he was in high demand for duels at toy stores all over.
The release of the recent expansion ⑳Horned Terrors From The Deep!⑳ had sparked a card game renaissance.
Thanks to that, Natsuya had been too busy for the LCSC as of late.
But they all needed to clear their schedules for the birthday party.
⑳Oh, I see. Yeah, that's too bad.⑳
Natsuya already had plans.
One of his card game buddies was having a birthday party on the exact same day, and he'd already accepted their invite.
⑳Atsuta really is a hero to those children, huh?⑳
⑳Yes. I'm sure all the grade school boys know him by name.⑳
⑳If he's already going to another party, then I guess there's not much we can do about it.⑳
⑳He said he'd get her a present, though.⑳
⑳I don't care if he's coming or not, he'd better chip in for the cake like the rest of us.⑳
During the Hinagata-sanctioned sleepover, they'd cooked up a feast at the home economics class, but this party was unsanctioned.
So they decided they'd make do with a modest cake and some drinks, and decorate the clubroom as best they could.
⑳I'm pretty sure we can make it look nice even with just random birthday goods from a 100-yen shop.⑳
⑳You have a good eye for those things, so we'll leave that up to you, Lilian. Oh, and I'd also like for us to write a nice big 'Happy Birthday' on the board.⑳
⑳Oh, let me do it! I'm really good at that sort of thing.⑳
⑳I can certainly see that. You seem the type to have done a lot of graffiti in her time.⑳
⑳You wanna go? 'Cause I'll slaughter you.⑳
⑳I'd like to do something too, but I don't have any ideas.⑳
⑳Then how about you help us with the paper chain decorations? You must have made some of those back in elementary school.⑳
⑳Ooh, nice idea. Really helps set the mood.⑳
⑳I'll... do my best.⑳
⑳A moment, please. I'll write down what we've come up with so far.⑳
⑳You've got the ropes down pat. Now I can retire at any time.⑳
⑳The president should be taking the initiative on this sort of thing, though...⑳
Just then, the door opened.
⑳Hey there, boys and girls! Mayu Hinagata, the beautiful advisor to the LCSC, is on the scene!⑳
⑳Oh crap! Hide the goods!⑳
The surprise would be ruined if Hinagata saw their planning sheet.
Everyone panicked and put it out of sight.
They were like kids at camp who'd been up way past lights-out, only to frantically pretend to be asleep when a counselor came in to check on them.
⑳My, what's this? Keeping secrets from your dear old teacher?⑳
⑳Nuh-uh, we're not hiding nothing. Right, Riria?!⑳
⑳That's right. We have nothing to hide. Right, Susuhara?⑳
⑳Oh, uh, right.⑳
⑳What?! How come I'm the only one in the dark?⑳
⑳Bullying the teacher by keeping her out of the loop!→Despair!→I curse you all and overdose on sugar pills instead of sleeping pills!⑳
⑳Relax, it's not like we were badmouthing you or anything.⑳
⑳Really? You mean it?! Toé, you'll tell me the truth, won't you?⑳
⑳Khoh...⑳
⑳You were talking about how you think I've gotten more wrinkles lately, weren't you?!⑳
⑳You were saying that my hair was greying or that I was starting to get a turkey neck, weren't you?!⑳
⑳No, we weren't.⑳
⑳A-Actually, we were discussing how we could grow up to be as wonderful as you are!⑳
⑳Uh-huh! You're the best teacher we've ever had!⑳
⑳Not even a celebrity can compare to your charm.⑳
⑳Or anyone at the shrine.⑳
⑳Aha ha. I think that you're wonderful in a way nobody else can be.⑳
⑳Really?! You guys really weren't badmouthing me?!⑳
They all smiled and shook their heads.
Finally, Hinagata shrugged and smiled contently.
She didn't seriously believe her cute little students would ever speak ill of her anyway.
The LCSC was as harmonious as always.
⑳Try hard, and maybe one day you'll be as charming as me! Eheh heh heh! Anyway, I'll be in the staff room! Call me if you need anything!⑳
And with that, Hinagata was gone like the wind.
⑳Whew, that was too close.⑳
⑳I'd never say anything bad about Hinagata. Why would she think that?⑳
⑳I'm sure she wasn't being serious.⑳
⑳Yeah, she was just messing around as always.⑳
⑳But all joking aside, I really do respect Ms. Hinagata.⑳
⑳I totally agree. There aren't many teachers—no, not many women—quite like her.⑳
⑳You can say that again. Most her age don't do... y'know, that.⑳
⑳What do you mean?⑳
⑳'Hey there, boys and girls! Mayu Hinagata, the beautiful advisor to the LCSC, is on the scene!'⑳
⑳...That. Most adults her age don't do that.⑳
⑳That was so sad, it hurt.⑳
⑳...I never want to wind up like her.⑳
⑳Nyeh heh heh, well said, Kurokki. Hell, if she knows she's wrinkling and going grey, then she should do something about it, dammit.⑳
⑳And her breath always smells like shit, doesn't it?⑳
⑳What on Earth is she eating to make it smell that awful?⑳
⑳It smells like earthworms after the rain.⑳
⑳How do you even know what that smells like? Aha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳I'm surprised you can talk to her with a straight face, Suzumu.⑳
⑳I'm really impressed. You don't think she stinks?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Well, I admit her breath does reek.⑳
⑳Ha ha ha...⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳Honestly, she should just die.⑳
⑳She's a waste of air.⑳
⑳Hell, I gotta hand it to her. If I were her, I would've hung myself a long time ago.⑳
⑳I'd feel bad for the noose.⑳
⑳You can say that again.⑳
⑳She should just shut up and stop breathing altogether.⑳
⑳God, she pisses me off so much.⑳
⑳She should just die. Die, die, die, die...⑳
⑳Gross, gross, gross, trash, trash, trash!⑳
⑳Kheh ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha bggha bggha! Hinagata should die! Die! Obbh, bhgb, bhhh, bhhh!⑳
⑳Khh...⑳
There it was again...
Right after I left, I heard them talking behind my back.
⑳They're not really saying that... They're good kids... They'd never say such horrible things...⑳
I was almost hyperventilating.
I leaned against the wall as I caught my breath.
A passing student gave me a worried look.
⑳Ms. Hinagata? Are you all right?⑳
⑳Eheh heh. I think I'm just a bit anemic. Thanks for your concern.⑳
⑳Really? Well, I hope you feel better...⑳
The girl bowed and walked off...
⑳Heh, what a fucking joke of a teacher. Walking around like she's drunk in the daytime.⑳
Once she rounded the corner, the student's face changed, and she stuck out her tongue.
It was long like a lizard's and covered in warts.
⑳Anemic my ass, you hag. Having menopause troubles already, you piece of shit? I hope you pass out in the bath and boil to death. Gross-ass grandma soup'd be better than you are now.⑳
Hyeh hyeh hyeh hey gheh ha ha gyaha kchhh bchhgchrhhgrrrchhhrchhh!
⑳...This one's pretty persistent. And here I thought I'd gotten used to these a long time ago...⑳
I furrowed my eyebrows and managed a wry smile.
⑳My hauntings never know when to give up...⑳
That was right. This was a haunting. My haunting.
A haunting that caused me to see and hear everyone I came across as though they were badmouthing me behind my back.
Thanks to that, it'd sounded as though the members of the LCSC were saying terrible things about me right after I left.
It may have all felt real to me, but it was a haunting. No doubt about it.
After all, there was no way they'd say anything like that. I knew perfectly well what good kids they were.
So I was positive it had to be the haunting's fault.
No matter how hard the haunting tried to convince me it was real, I could tell it was a hallucination just by using basic logic.
⑳Sorry to say, Mr. Haunting, but I've known you far too long for this to even faze me.⑳
Even the insults of the girl who'd turned the corner had been part of the haunting as well.
If she really was the type to say such horrible things, then why would she have ever shown a teacher concern?
It just didn't add up when you thought about it with a clear head. It was too far removed from reality.
⑳Still, I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel anything, either. This is the worst one I've had in a while, so it did catch me a bit off-guard.⑳
⑳Oh, or maybe this just means I'm still in the prime of my life!⑳
⑳The peak of hauntings is in high school!→The peak of hauntings and youth go hand-in-hand!→I'm still getting hauntings—ergo, I'm still young!⑳
Eheh heh heh, that meant I still had it going!
Thank you, Mr. Haunting. Now I had something to be happy about.
...I'd gotten used to these sorts of hauntings long ago.
Much like the rest of the descendants of the quintuplets, I hit the peak of my hauntings back in high school.
But I'd refused to give in, and I had the words of my mother, who'd also suffered from hauntings.
⑳You, me, your grandma... All the women in our family are captured by a mysterious darkness when we are young.⑳
⑳We hear people saying bad things about us behind our backs when they actually aren't.⑳
⑳You must have started hearing them too, Mayu...⑳
⑳My poor little girl. It must have hurt, didn't it?⑳
⑳But think carefully. Do you really think they'd all be badmouthing you behind your back?⑳
⑳You're friends with Koto and Sota, right?⑳
⑳If they had so many bad things to say about you, would they really be coming over every day?⑳
⑳Put yourself in their shoes. If you hated someone that much, would you really want to spend time at her house every day?⑳
⑳See? That makes no sense, right? Your friends aren't badmouthing you at all.⑳
⑳It only sounds like they are.⑳
⑳That's the illness.⑳
⑳You're not the only one. It happened to me, and it happened to your grandma, too.⑳
⑳And according to her, it happened to her grandma, and her grandma's grandma.⑳
⑳It's a bizarre illness that runs only in our family—one that passes down with each generation.⑳
⑳In fact, I hear you saying bad things about me behind my back a lot as well.⑳
⑳What's that? You never did that, did you? Eheh heh, thank you.⑳
⑳I already knew that, of course. I know how much you love me.⑳
⑳That's why even if it sounds like you're badmouthing me, I know it's all the illness to blame.⑳
⑳So I don't let it bother me at all.⑳
⑳Even if it seems like you're talking behind my back, you're not actually saying it. It's the illness talking.⑳
⑳Just keep in mind that none of what you're hearing is real and ignore it.⑳
⑳All those bad things you thought your friends were saying about you is all the illness's fault.⑳
⑳So just don't let it get to you.⑳
My mother called the hauntings an illness.
I only learned this later, but those who came before my grandmother called it the work of evil spirits.
They reframed it as an illness in the modern day, but my mother and all those who came before her understood their hauntings quite well.
Our hauntings made us hallucinate that others were saying horrible things about us behind our backs.
It was probably the weakest of the hauntings amongst the descendants of the quintuplets.
But in exchange, it was the most insidious... and the most persistent.
Hauntings are caused by cursed soot that accumulates within the body.
As such, once one gives birth, all the soot is inherited by the child, while the mother is freed from her hauntings.
However, I remember what my mother said as clear as day.
⑳In fact, I hear you saying bad things about me behind my back a lot as well.⑳
The significance of this was great.
My mother should have lost all her cursed soot when I was born.
Her spiritual defenses robbed by the soot should have recovered, rendering her immune to future hauntings.
Yet she heard me badmouthing her in spite of that.
And not just once or twice.
My family's hauntings had their roots deep within the mind.
So even after they were freed from them, the hauntings remained in the form of a persecution complex.
Despite being rid of the cursed soot, that persecution complex would cause them to hallucinate others badmouthing them behind their backs for the rest of their lives...
Meanwhile, the hauntings for the rest of the descendants of the quintuplets were very severe, but they left no traces behind.
The brain is a fine piece of work. It treats information that doesn't conform to reality as static and erases it.
That's why hauntings are forgotten like daydreams as soon as they end, no matter how horrible they might be.
But... my hauntings were different.
They felt extremely realistic. It was very easy to believe others were badmouthing you.
So my brain didn't delete the memories of my hauntings.
Deleting them required firm and careful reasoning.
I had no choice but to use that to willingly ignore those memories by pointing out the inconsistencies between them and the people I knew so well.
It was painful and suffocating, bordering on self-torture.
With experience and the right physical and mental fortitude, it was possible to a certain degree.
However, hauntings tended to strike in places you least expected without warning—sometimes making them too difficult to bear.
I was warned never to tell another soul about this, but my grandmother didn't die of heart failure—she committed suicide.
In her suicide note, she talked about how she'd been driven to despair by my grandfather's constant belittlement, but realizing it had been the work of the hauntings, my mother destroyed the note.
My great-grandmother had also taken her own life.
Our hauntings put down roots deep in our minds.
Even after we were freed from them, the scars plagued us the rest of our lives.
Once we started getting old, our minds and bodies weakened, making it difficult to endure the pain... and leading to a tragic end more often than not.
I was still young.
I could ride out my hauntings relatively easily with a cheery attitude and a stiff upper lip.
...But that probably wouldn't work forever.
Perhaps I too would meet a pitiful end, just like my great-grandmother, grandmother... and mother, as well.
⑳Still, though... It's nothing compared to Toé.⑳
⑳She's had to go through a painful cycle of death and rebirth for a millennium. I can keep going as long as I keep my mind strong. I should consider myself lucky...⑳
I was okay. My mental barriers hadn't abandoned me yet. I could still find happiness.
Besides, things had been much more manageable since growing up.
Back in high school, the hauntings were far worse and happened around the clock.
Yet even back then, I had always breezed right through them...
⑳Morning!⑳
⑳Oh hey, morning.⑳
⑳Good morning, Mayu. You're looking pretty today, as usual.⑳
⑳Eheh heh, thanks. But you're really pretty yourself, Yuka.⑳
⑳Well, you're very welcome, then!⑳
⑳No, you're welcome!⑳
My friends and I had our silly little greeting.
I headed for my desk and put down my bag.
Just then, I heard my friends talking in hushed whispers behind my back.
⑳Tch. Pretty my ass. She thinks she's hot shit 'cause she put on a little makeup.⑳
⑳She pisses me off so much. She should just jump in front of a train already and get her face smashed up good.⑳
⑳Then you could make meatloaf out of her chunks and feed it to a pig.⑳
⑳I'd feel bad for the pig. It'd bccchrr brrbbb its guts out until it died if it ate that crap.⑳
⑳Gheh heh heh heh heh, bchhghchhochhhhhchhhbghhchhhbchhh!⑳
The two cackled in repugnant voices not of this world...
...Or so I hallucinated.
When I turned around, their expressions were peaceful, and they waved to me when our eyes met.
But once I faced forward again, their faces twisted with disgust, and they cackled once more.
It was the same haunting as always.
This had become a part of my everyday life by this point.
So it didn't faze me at all. I was perfectly fine.
Once I thought about them with a clear head, I'd realize they weren't real.
The two of them were good at heart, and they were wonderful friends.
I could never imagine them saying such hurtful things.
And besides, if it was real, then how could I know that they had disgusted looks on their faces?
What, did I have eyes in the back of my head?
It didn't make sense no matter how you spun it.
Which meant that this clearly wasn't real.
My mother had called it an illness, but that definitely wasn't it.
This was the work of evil spirits.
Meddling by spirits—hauntings.
⑳Hinagata's tits are huge. Those fuckers are something else. Wish I could give 'em a nice, big squeeze...⑳
⑳I wanna squeeze 'em, bcccrhh bcrrrrrrch, rip them off, crush them, and drag out what's inside!⑳
⑳That's the bell, kids! Take your seats!⑳
⑳What's this? You're still alive, Hinagata? Just hurry up and die already.⑳
⑳Kheh heh heh heh heh, bheh heh heh heh heh...⑳
⑳Gha ha bchhbchhhghbfbchhhchhh!⑳
The whole class was slandering, mocking, and humiliating me.
But it was all a haunting.
I'd gotten used to this ages ago.
Hauntings were just bullying by the dead who still clung to this world.
At present, there was no way for the living to beat them.
But by smiling and keeping a firm presence of mind, you could deflect the spirits with positive energy.
A smile a day kept the hauntings at bay.
I calmed down and placed my faith in my friends, teacher, and classmates.
No one was saying anything bad about me.
I just had to keep smiling. Watch and learn.
⑳Mayu Hinagata.⑳
⑳Present!⑳
See? The class had been a whirlwind of slander, yet in reality, it was quiet and peaceful.
The teacher took roll call.
⑳I'm liking the sound of that energy there as always, Hinagata. The rest of you should follow her lead. You won't learn anything if you come in looking like zombies!⑳
The teacher beamed at me, affirming my cheerful reply.
I gave an embarrassed smile, and the rest of the class grinned.
See? I didn't hear any badmouthing then. Nothing but spectacular smiles.
Smiles blew the hauntings away.
This was my trump card in my war against them.
My mother told me to look away and ignore them, but that wouldn't work.
You wouldn't be able to endure them forever if you just accumulated damage over time.
I was different. I didn't endure. I evaded them. Perfectly.
(No damage→Earn affection with wonderful smiles→A brighter future awaits!)
The hauntings certainly weren't easy...
...but considering how they clearly taught me the value of smiles, they didn't really seem so bad.
I was born with this and couldn't escape it, so I had to make something positive out of the whole situation.
⑳Hinagata seriously pisses me off. God, I wish she'd just die...⑳
⑳Bcchhhhbchhhh, rip her to shreds, bhhhhhchhhhbchhhhh, die, die, gchhhrbchrhrhh!⑳
I turned around and gave a smile and wave.
She noticed and reciprocated in kind.
How did you like that, haunting?
My smile could conquer any slander you threw my way.
Your attempts at hurting me were pointless.
It was pathetic how powerless the spirits were. I almost felt bad for ignoring them.
So I'd throw them a bone and grade the next insults their feeble little minds managed to conjure.
Oh, that was fast. The teacher was saying something while writing on the blackboard.
⑳Why the hell is Hinagata still alive? She should jccchnnnchhhbchhhh get run over by a car bhhhhhcbhhhc!⑳
⑳All right, solve this problem, Hinagata.⑳
⑳I'd give that one a 30.⑳
⑳Hmm?⑳
My mother told me to ignore the hauntings.
But I chose to face them head-on instead.
It was probably a little weird.
I was supposed to just be dodging them entirely.
And yet I was facing them directly.
Perhaps I was in my rebellious phase.
I didn't want to follow my mother's guidance blindly. I didn't want to face the same fate as her.
So maybe I was consciously turning my back on her teachings...
⑳...I'm home.⑳
I heard an ashtray or something being thrown and clattering across the floor.
That was what greeted me instead of a genial ⑳Welcome home!⑳
My father had just woken up for his night shift, and was in a bad mood.
My mother had returned from her part-time job while complaining about how stupid her boss was.
Their tempers clashed, resulting in yet another marital spat.
⑳I'm not dumb! I know you curse at me behind my back!⑳
And there it was again...
This was the second time Mom had accused Dad of constantly insulting her when she wasn't looking.
But I'd never heard my father do that once. He wasn't the type, no matter how upset he got.
⑳I can hear all those complaints you mutter under your breath when you think I'm not listening! Did you think I wouldn't notice?! I hear them every time!⑳
My father finally ran out of patience, resulting in a heated argument.
...My mother probably wasn't much longer for this world.
Hauntings are meant to be passed on from parent to child at the moment of birth.
So the fact I was here meant my mother should've been freed from them.
And yet she still heard them.
That could only be a scar left by the hauntings—a persecution complex.
⑳Mayu! You're supposed to announce yourself when you get home!⑳
⑳...I did.⑳
⑳No, you didn't! I have good ears! I heard you complaining this morning about how breakfast was leftovers from last night!⑳
I never did any of that, of course. Not once had I said anything behind her back.
But she claimed to have heard it all the same.
Even though she should have been liberated from the hauntings.
This was the fate of those who didn't resist.
My mother had told me to ignore the hauntings.
Much like how parents and teachers told children to ignore bullies.
To ignore meant not fighting back.
And all that would do was permanently erode your heart and mind.
I concluded from my experiences with bullies in grade school that it would result in a slow death.
So ever since then...
...I decided to do the opposite of what my mother taught me.
Even if I told her that my friends were badmouthing me behind my back, she would disregard it and tell me to just ignore them.
And what happened to those who followed that philosophy?
My grandmother ended up committing suicide.
And my mother would likely meet the same end in the near future.
I'd be damned if I ended up that way.
I'd fight back. I wouldn't ignore them.
I'd carve a happy life with my own hands. I wouldn't submit myself to misery like they had.
⑳Why can't you show a little gratitude?! I know I raised you better than that!⑳
⑳I always thank you. I never say anything behind your back.⑳
But no matter how many times I told her that, the result was always the same.
⑳Don't give me that crap! I have good ears! I hear all those horrible things you're always saying!⑳
⑳...Then I guess you must be right.⑳
⑳What?! What did you just say?!⑳
⑳If that's what you heard, then that's your reality, isn't it? Whether I actually say it or not makes no difference. You hear it all the same.⑳
I was fed up with my mother's constant insistence that she had good hearing.
At first, I pitied her as an unfortunate victim of the hauntings, but I'd exhausted all my sympathy for her by this point.
After all, she'd reaped what she'd sowed.
This was what she got for letting the hauntings gnaw away at her all her life without fighting back.
I wouldn't be like her. I'd stand up to them and be happy. No matter what it took.
⑳Mayu! How dare you speak like that to your mother! I worked so hard to raise you, and this is the thanks I get?! *sob* *sob* *sob*⑳
⑳...Why don't you just ignore it, then?⑳
⑳What?!⑳
⑳That's what you told me to do back when I was getting bullied in grade school.⑳
⑳You said you'd just ignore it if Dad or I said anything behind your back, whether it was real or not. Just like Grandma always did.⑳
⑳Mayu! You brat! I wish I'd never had you!⑳
⑳Well, I never asked to be born.⑳
Sheesh, what a stereotypical mother-daughter fight.
Not even manga used phrases so clichéd anymore.
But...
...
I endured it.
And so, after that vicious argument...
I decided to defy my mother's ultimate order.
I'm sure she'd originally told me this out of legitimate concern for me.
But I wanted to rebel against her.
Perhaps I believed by doing so, I could destroy the parts of myself that were like her.
The order in question concerned a taboo.
An action forbidden to the descendants of the cursed quintuplets.
⑳Will this do it?⑳
Before me was a tiny diary I'd bought at a stationary store right after enrolling in high school.
I'd never bothered with one before in my life.
However, I'd bought this one on a whim, suspecting a hopeful new beginning awaited me in the future.
...Though I never did end up using it.
⑳Of course not. A diary's a treasure chest for memories. No one wants to write about bad times...⑳
I'd been plagued by hauntings before then, but they only got worse after I started high school.
So I couldn't come up with any positive experiences to blot out the negative ones.
I took the diary and a pen, placed them by my pillow, and turned out the lights.
The taboo forbidden to those who possessed the cursed soot...
...was to write down one's dreams.
A dream diary.
When I was a little girl, my mother had told me something many a time—before her heart had eroded away.
Dreams had no effect on reality because they were forgotten.
To write down one's dreams was to gradually draw one's soul away from reality.
No matter how much pain they caused, hauntings could heal so long as they were forgotten like daydreams.
But if they were written down, they remained as memories.
Scars from hauntings etched deeply onto the soul.
If they were to accumulate over time...
Then it wasn't hard to fathom the hauntings getting worse.
But how, exactly?
...
That was something I couldn't imagine.
My own mother's rejection had wounded me deeply.
So I decided it didn't matter anymore.
I wanted to break her taboo and dive even deeper into the darkness...
Teenage rebellion didn't even begin to describe it. It was downright childish self-abandon.
From that day onwards, I started writing down my nightmares—my hauntings.
At first, I was surprised by just how often I actually dreamed.
According to studies, most people have several dreams a night.
But few remember them after waking up.
This happens because the brain weeds out nonsensical information.
Most dreams are incoherent and virtually impossible to describe verbally.
It's rare to have a dream you can clearly explain.
The ones you can are just the ones the brain can make sense of.
But since those are one in a million, most dreams are just forgotten.
That's why most people believe they barely dream.
However, even their brains need a little time to delete unnecessary information.
Put in more temporal terms, it only takes a minute or two after waking up for the brain to return to its normal levels of oxygen.
To jot down a whole night of illogical nonsense within that very brief timeframe would have taken me a lot of practice.
So why bother with words, at first?
I would just let my pen draw out the images in my brain.
At first, they resembled an infant's scribblings.
But they weren't mere scrawls.
They were vivid depictions of the abyss the hauntings dragged me down to.
After just a week or two, I could write them down in words even right after waking up.
The incoherent scribbles gradually become comprehensible words depicting the madness I'd witnessed.
And oddly enough, my dreams slowly but surely grew more detailed as this process continued.
Almost like a camera lens coming into focus over time.
Soon I could express my dreams clearly, in sentences.
What's more, I could write while my brain was still partially asleep.
It was almost as though my hand was moving on its own.
My handwriting was on the pages, but I couldn't remember having picked up the pen.
Like my body had been possessed by someone in the nightmarish world of hauntings.
And so, the pages of my dream diary were filled out one after another.
⑳I can see why keeping a dream diary was taboo. I can't believe I've had all these horrible dreams every day...⑳
I finished writing down a hallucination I'd had during class, and reviewed the previous pages.
By now, I could write about not only dreams I had in my sleep, but also whatever unreality I faced when spacing out.
Most people forget their own nightmares once they're past.
But when I started writing mine down...
...it surprised me just how many bad dreams people have each day.
⑳Making a dream diary is like training yourself to memorize dreams. By doing so, you start to retain memories of things you shouldn't remember...⑳
According to my writings, almost all my dreams and daydreams were nightmares.
It stunned me to realize just how much they colored my world.
The nightmares themselves differed day to day.
Some were easy to understand, like exaggerations of past trauma.
But there was also one where I was slowly sinking upside-down into a black swamp.
I struggled to breathe, but could hear someone else breathing painfully right into my ear. Perhaps those breaths were even my own.
Though that was all I could remember, it was the most frightening dream of them all.
⑳It's so frickin' gross how Mayu thinks we like her.⑳
⑳It's like, she's so proud of how smart she is, she doesn't even realize how dumb it makes her look.⑳
⑳Her shoes are always so dirty. Does she ever wash them?⑳
⑳I bet her place is a total dump. It must reek. Place's crawling gshrrpshrrr with bugs, jppppchh no doubt.⑳
Khee hee hee hee ha ha ha ha ha ha bchhhhjrrrrrbchhhhchhh!
My classmates spewed juices from their mouths as they collapsed into laughter like hideous blobs.
Every part of them, from their bodies to expressions, was warped into something inhuman, just like in one of my nightmares.
My hallucinations were finally beginning to eat into my day-to-day life.
Or perhaps it'd always been this way and I'd only begun to perceive it thanks to my dream diary.
My classmates—no, it wasn't just them.
Even strangers I passed would talk behind my back.
And they weren't simply badmouthing me.
They even turned into macabre creatures that tried to torment my eyes as well.
Had I set foot in the realm of nightmares?
Or was this the world's natural state and we all simply failed to remember it?
It didn't matter.
I could feel myself sinking even deeper.
Just being able to tell that was good enough for me.
⑳So I'm going to spend tonight's dream sinking into that swamp again, huh.⑳
I was just trying to act tough, of course.
Sinking endlessly into darkness slowly ate away at your sense of self. It was like being slowly burned alive by a charcoal fire.
And because it was so slow, the pain and fear would seize me all the way until daybreak came, never once loosening their grip.
However, I could clearly perceive my nightmares by this point.
They were now lucid dreams, so to speak.
A type of dream in which I knew I was dreaming.
There were two of me—the me sinking into the darkness, and the me who could view that objectively.
So while part of me was suffering, the other me could contemplate in peace.
According to my dream diary, this was one of my most frequent nightmares.
This one where I kept sinking to the bottom of a swamp—darkness.
In hindsight, the whirlpool at the bottom of the darkness might have been the first thing I'd drawn in my dream diary.
⑳I'm being taken to the bottom of the hauntings' darkness...⑳
I'd had this nightmare several days in a row.
But it didn't feel like I was having the same dream over and over again.
I must have been sinking deeper into the same darkness with every passing night, progressing further each time.
⑳And that whirlpool isn't water, either.⑳
⑳...What... could this darkness be?⑳
I pondered the nature of the darkness that dragged me further into its depths each night.
Though it flowed like water, it wasn't liquid.
It stuck to me like glue, yet it didn't weigh anything.
⑳Is this... soot?⑳
From what I'd heard, the remains of plankton pile up at the bottom of the ocean depths like falling snow.
This was just like that.
The remains of painful emotions were piling up like pitch-black snow.
I had been sinking into that heap of soot day after day.
But no matter how deep the ocean, you'd reach the bottom eventually.
It had to be the same here.
That was what I thought, anyway.
But what would I find at the bottom?
I'd cast myself into the whirlpool of nightmares—of soot—with reckless abandon.
But I didn't dive into it because I hoped I would die.
I had only wanted to scatter into ashes and vanish in the air.
I hadn't been thinking about the bottom when I threw myself in.
⑳...⑳
⑳But now I'm a little curious. What awaits at the bottom of this realm of nightmares?⑳
Roughly speaking, even bullying could be called a form of communication.
So were the hauntings—which could be thought of as bullying by evil spirits—trying to tell me something?
But... what could it possibly be?
⑳Who are you? Who's... waiting for me at the bottom?⑳
And so, for the first time, I was convinced that there wasn't just some flat surface down there...
...but rather someone with a will of their own awaiting my arrival.
⑳Who's down there?⑳
⑳Or rather... What are you trying to tell me?⑳
...
...
...ver... here...
⑳Huh?⑳
I heard something. I was sure of it.
It felt like something had echoed from the bottom of the darkness in response to my call.
They weren't words.
It was a nursery rhyme... or something.
My chest tightened and the soot swallowing me grew thicker as I became aware of it.
I could hear it...
I could hear a song...
Come over here, mountain deer, mountain deer...
...
I cannot, I cannot, for there are demons there.
Make a helmet from a pot, mountain deer, mountain deer.
I cannot, I cannot, for my antlers, I fear.
⑳I can't wear a pot when I've got antlers sticking out of my head...⑳
It felt like I had antlers sticking from my head at that moment... Like they'd always been there.
When had I ever sprouted antlers?
I touched my head and felt a pair of magnificent antlers there.
They weren't small like demon horns.
They were like the firm branches of a centuries-old tree imbued with a god.
And there they were. Growing out of my head.
I see. So I had sprouted antlers, had I?
I felt like whatever was waiting for me at the bottom also had antlers.
And that it had been awaiting my arrival for a long, long time.
⑳Who? Who's calling for me?⑳
...
...
Then I heard it clearly for the first time.
⑳COME OVER HERE.⑳
⑳COME OVER HERE.⑳
⑳...⑳
Those were the first words I heard from -it-.
⑳Oh...⑳
I suddenly came to my senses. The phone must have woken me up.
I picked up the receiver, gave some responses without much thought, and hung up once they were done.
⑳Another haunting, huh...⑳
I'd had far fewer of them since reaching adulthood, but this had been the strongest one in a long time.
⑳I feel like I just remembered the worst time in my life...⑳
I couldn't tell whether that was a haunting or a flashback.
To blame every single bad dream on the hauntings was also part of a persecution complex.
⑳I have to end this curse with my generation.⑳
My eyes shifted to the ancient manuscript on my desk.
Reading something so wicked must have drawn an evil spirit to me. That was probably why I'd suffered a haunting.
⑳But I need to keep researching. As terrible as the quintuplets spell was, it still managed to keep the cursed soot sealed in the long run.⑳
⑳The difference between poison and medicine is in the prescription. If I make good use of this, I can lighten everyone's load, even if only a little.⑳
The cursed soot was not exclusive to Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto.
Curses on humans by local gods of yore consistently manifested as soot.
Perhaps Japan's history of volcanoes erupting and raining down their ash signified the gods cursing humans.
As a result, investigations regarding the mysteries surrounding the cursed soot had been conducted all over the country.
Everything began a thousand years ago when masses of cursed soot were sealed into a single azusa priestess using the soot-gathering spell.
However, that ritual had been devised in another region.
So it was worth looking into old documents about the black arts that had nothing to do with Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto.
⑳The soot-gathering spell may very well be the best we've got. It's the only way to completely save people from being devoured by the cursed soot...⑳
The ritual in question brought the cursed soot into one place and sealed it away.
A thousand years ago, the village had been saved by bringing all its soot into a sacrifice.
That meant the village had been completely purified of the cursed soot.
In other words, given a sacrifice, even the members of the LCSC—the descendants of the quintuplets—could be freed from the curse.
But that would mean forcing someone else to inherit the thousand-year curse.
⑳Then there's no point to it.⑳
They were all good kids.
No matter how painful their hauntings might be, they would never wish to sacrifice anyone else to get rid of them.
⑳If only there were some spell to scatter the soot...⑳
The opposite of the spell that'd transferred all the village's soot to a single person:
A spell that could diffuse the curse rather than keep it condensed in one spot.
Amongst those, only the quintuplets spell had been successful.
Theoretically speaking, the soot could eventually be watered down to practically nothing if the spell were repeated consistently over time.
But in the end, it was still a black art. It would never turn out that well.
Cursed soot spread across five bloodlines would grow stronger by taking in more soot with each generation.
In the end, it would be like repaying a loan by taking out another loan with an even worse interest rate.
⑳A spell that extreme won't cut it. Isn't there anything more reasonable? Something that can ease hauntings, even if only a little?⑳
My lips curved into a wry smile when I heard what I was saying.
Black arts were a trade-off. No spell came without a price.
Any happiness found through it would in turn create an equal amount of suffering.
⑳Then maybe it's worth trying this spell out after all...⑳
I opened the document up to a bookmarked page.
It was a black art far more meager in scale than the soot-gathering spell:
The soot-transfer spell.
⑳The best part about this is that it doesn't take any special preparations. It would have been virtually impossible to get a temple bell and sacrifice nowadays.⑳
With this spell, you could take in a tiny bit of the subject's soot.
It was said to have been devised by mountain monks to save those suffering from hauntings.
However, with every repeated usage, the cursed soot would build within the user.
Cursed soot was unthreatening in small quantities, but led to harrowing hauntings in higher densities, and enough of it could transform you into an avatar of the divine curse.
As a result, the spell itself was considered a trap of the curse, and thus was sealed away as a black art.
There were several requirements to cast the spell, but fortunately I met all of them.
It was only natural.
After all, I was one of the inheritors of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse.
My blood was far closer to the curse than others.
I was in the best position to cast the spell.
⑳Maybe I can relieve the others' hauntings a little by using this spell and taking in some of their soot...⑳
Toé suffered the worst of us all. Her condition would surely be alleviated somewhat if I absorbed a bit of her soot.
Of course, that would mean taking in the hauntings that came with it.
⑳The hauntings peak during adolescence. But I've already grown up. So even if it's her soot, my hauntings should be significantly lesser than Toé's.⑳
⑳Besides, I may not look it, but I'm an anti-haunting warrior!⑳
I still hadn't found a way to free everyone from the cursed soot.
But with the soot-transfer spell, perhaps I could ease everyone's suffering a little until that day came.
Just then, I heard someone frantically running down the hall.
They stopped in front of the door, so I assumed someone had gotten hurt.
Would I be faced with a cerebral concussion from those firebrands at the baseball club, or a dislocation from the rascals of the basketball club?
Right after I sat up straight, the door clattered open.
⑳Ma-Mayuhin, you gotta help! It's Kurokki!⑳
⑳Huh? What's wrong?!⑳
Toé was lying on the floor in Tsubakiko's lap.
I could see just how pale the others were when they looked at me.
⑳What happened?! Hang in there, Toé!⑳
⑳...Ghhho... Ghhho... a...⑳
⑳Hold on! Ms. Hinagata's here now!⑳
⑳We all thought she was feeling okay because she was responding normally to our conversations!⑳
⑳B-But then she suddenly collapsed and started foaming at the mouth!⑳
Tsubakiko wiped Toé's mouth with a handkerchief.
It was stained grey from a mixture of soot and saliva.
⑳I just had a haunting myself. Did the same happen to Toé?⑳
From my observations of the descendants of the quintuplets, while hauntings generally appeared to happen at random, occasionally there would be more to them.
Some natural phenomena—such as the waxing and waning of the moon and changes in air pressure—seemed to affect spirits as well.
Perhaps everyone was having extra-bad hauntings today, to a greater or lesser degree.
⑳Mine was the worst I'd had in a while. So I can understand how Toé ended up this way, considering how bad hers usually are.⑳
Toé was clutching one of her dolls tightly.
I could get her being like this if she'd lost it, but this haunting must have been rather nasty if even the doll couldn't mitigate it.
⑳Wh-What do we do?! Does she just need some rest? Or should we call an ambulance?!⑳
⑳How is she, Ms. Hinagata? Will Kurokami be all right?⑳
⑳...⑳
There was nothing a hospital could do for Toé.
I had to ease her haunting, no matter how little. That was what mattered.
If the doll wasn't doing any good, then the shrine was the only other option.
Our only hope was to lay her down in the doll memorial hall and let her rest.
⑳I'll get my car ready. Can you keep an eye on Toé for a bit? Her head will be fine on the floor, so keep her on her side. That way she won't choke if she throws up.⑳
⑳...Go a... Ghhh... ghhhhhh...⑳
⑳Aaah! Ku-Kurokami!⑳
⑳Wh-What's going on?! This looks real bad!⑳
Toé threw up something muddy and black.
It wasn't simply soot mixed with saliva—it was like tar.
⑳M-Ms. Hinagata, get the car, quickly!⑳
⑳Hurry up! Get your ass into gear, Hinagata!⑳
⑳You're so damn slow! What's wrong with you, you pig?! Hurry and bchhrhh help gchhhbchhhhh!⑳
⑳Drhhhhhhhhhh, bhhhchhhhchhhhpbbbjhhh! Bbbbhaaaaaaaaa!⑳
Dammit, what horrible timing! Why now?!
Luck really wasn't on our side. Of all the days for Susuhara to be at home...
...That probably wasn't a coincidence. This might have been a normal day if he had been around.
The girls were melting and turning into hideous flesh monsters as they badmouthed me.
I had to endure this! If I fainted, then there'd be no way I could help Toé!
There was a temporary solution, but it'd only bring me back to my senses for a short while.
I chomped down on the palm of my own right hand.
Pain could alleviate hauntings slightly.
But it couldn't be half-assed.
I had to bite hard enough to puncture the skin!
⑳Khh, ghh!⑳
Drops of blood spilled from my hand to the floor.
At that moment, the grotesque monsters turned back into my dear students.
But just then, Kanae staggered and fell to the floor in pain.
⑳C'mon... cut me a break, Mr. Rabbit. I can deal with a finger... but tearing that off is too much... Okay? Ha ha...⑳
Shoot! She was facing a haunting, too?!
Tsubakiko's face had also gone pale and clammy with sweat.
Riria was the same. She swayed to and fro, staring out into space.
It seemed today really was the worst—spiritually, anyway.
Everyone was suffering from powerful hauntings all at once!
I felt warm blood trickle down my hand to the floor.
...There was no other way. I had to try it.
My only option was to test out the soot-transfer spell on the spot!
⑳Hang on, Toé! Follow my instructions! Lick this! You'll feel a little better once you do!⑳
So long as the user met the requirements, the soot-transfer spell was very simple.
I presented my bleeding palm to Toé's mouth.
This was the soot-transfer spell.
By directly giving her my blood and taking in some of her cursed soot, I could relieve her haunting.
It might have seemed like the drinker was absorbing the soot at a glance, but it was the other way around.
The fluids in one's body were full of life energy. That energy included spiritual protection.
By passing that on to the drinker, I could take in their cursed soot.
I felt Toé's tongue graze my hand.
I felt all the heat in my body gather at the wound in my palm and get sucked away by that act alone.
I understood. So this was what it felt like to lose one's spiritual defenses.
And in that moment, I felt Toé's soot flowing into me.
But it was working. Her face was regaining its color.
She was now suckling at my wound like a newborn drinking milk.
It seemed she understood it was making her feel better.
⑳Hang in there, Toé. Do you recognize my voice?⑳
⑳Hina...gata... Mmm... mllln...⑳
Toé's complexion had returned to normal.
Yet she continued sucking my blood like a spoiled child.
Her tongue felt nice on the open wound, but it'd be best if I stopped there.
The hotter her tongue got, the colder my wound felt.
And I knew I'd face a haunting to match the amount of soot I'd taken in from her later for sure.
⑳Okay, all done!⑳
⑳Mmm...⑳
Toé moaned regretfully.
Fortunately, she was already back in shape.
⑳Hinagata... What was that with your blood...?⑳
⑳It was a spell. One that transfers the spiritual protection in one's bodily fluids to another in exchange for taking in an equivalent amount of the other's soot.⑳
⑳Then you're going to suffer in my place...⑳
⑳Don't worry about it. I'm an adult, so my hauntings aren't as bad as the rest of yours. All that's left now is to take care of those three.⑳
Kanae, Tsubakiko, and Riria were all groaning and sweating on the floor.
But if the spell worked on Toé, it'd work on them for sure.
So I fed them my blood one after another.
⑳Are you okay, Riria?⑳
⑳Yes. I still feel a little lightheaded, but I'm fine now.⑳
⑳What just happened? Why did we feel better after drinking your blood? Are we... vampires?⑳
⑳It's a special technique to relieve hauntings.⑳
⑳Eheh heh heh! Only one with the heart of a maiden and the beauty of a woman such as myself can pull this baby off! You guys aren't vampires, of course. Drinking others' blood wouldn't help you.⑳
⑳...Why is your blood different?⑳
⑳Cursed soot possesses a sort of magnetism that seeks more soot. So those with lots of soot like us can possess the power to steal another's soot.⑳
⑳Then even my blood could heal another's hauntings?⑳
⑳No, I don't think you should try it. You've already accumulated enough soot as it is. Plus, only an adult with tons and tons of life experience can pull it off!⑳
⑳I don't understand what you two are talking about... But thank you, Ms. Hinagata. You saved us.⑳
⑳Thanks, Mayuhin.⑳
⑳But now you're starting to look pretty pale yourself, Ms. Hinagata. Are you okay?⑳
⑳Hinagata...⑳
⑳Eheh heh... Maybe I should take a little nap.⑳
...Hinagata could tell that the others were thanking her.
But she was in no condition to understand that.
Because all she could perceive was them jeering at her—berating her horribly, one after another.
⑳Okay, then if you'll excuse me...⑳
⑳Whoa, you can barely walk. Here, lemme give you a hand.⑳
⑳Thanks, I appreciate the sentiment, but... it's easier on me if I stay away from others right now...⑳
Hinagata staggered out of the classroom.
The others tried to follow, but Toé stopped them.
⑳Let her be. It's the most we can do for her right now.⑳
⑳But I'm worried! She looked awful!⑳
⑳Could it be... that she took the bad stuff from within us?⑳
⑳...Yes. Right now... she's suffering from the hauntings she took from us.⑳
⑳I'm so sorry... Ms. Hinagata... But thank you...⑳
Ahhh... It was distorting...
The world... was shaking? Was I shaking? Or was it the world?
It felt like I was swimming on the floor.
I heard voices talking about me one after another.
⑳...This is all just a haunting. No one's actually saying that. I can get through this if I just ignore them.⑳
Ugh... But could I endure four people's worth of soot?
Melting... My head... The world... was melting...
⑳Mayu's so disgusting, isn't she? Aha ha ha ha ha ha...⑳
⑳I bet she's got lice in her hair, huh? And maggots under her fingernails, too!⑳
⑳Bye Mayu! Be sure to die today! Go jump in front of a train or hang yourself or something!⑳
Aha ha ha ha ha ha aha, hee hee hee heh hee hee bccchhhhhhhchhhhh, bbhebobebchhh!
Everything I heard was being distorted by the haunting. I knew that.
We all got along. I was perfectly aware they'd never say anything like that about me.
What kind of friend would I be if I ever believed they were?
So I wouldn't doubt them. I wouldn't ever let the hauntings win. Ever.
⑳Eheh heh heh, thanks, guys! See ya tomorrow! Bye!⑳
⑳Mayu's always got a smile as wide as the world, huh?⑳
⑳God, could you imagine being that chipper? I'd commend her if it weren't so damn stupid.⑳
⑳Who knows, maybe she's actually pretty fun to hang out with?⑳
⑳Then why don't you be friends with her, Yuka?⑳
⑳Doesn't she always say hi to you in the morning?⑳
⑳Does it look like we're friends? Eww. Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳I'm shocked she can keep smiling like nothing's wrong.⑳
⑳She's got real nerves of steel. It's amazing how she doesn't flinch no matter how much shit we talk about her.⑳
⑳She's so full of herself. She must think she's a princess or something.⑳
⑳God, right? She probably thinks the whole world worships the ground she walks on.⑳
⑳Yeah, as if! Even the boys are grossed out by how that freak never takes a hint!⑳
Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha...
⑳...It's not funny. Not at all.⑳
⑳It's such a goddamn pain having to put up with that stupid grin on her face every morning. I'm pretty sure you're right. She thinks she's hot shit.⑳
⑳I know what you mean. She thinks we're some kind of idiots who've forgotten how to smile. That her smile makes us happy. What a load!⑳
⑳And that stupid voice she does during roll call? It's so dumb!⑳
⑳'Mayu Hinagata, present!'⑳
⑳The hell does she think she is? A cartoon character? She trying to put herself out there for the boys? What a slut.⑳
⑳It's 'cause boys get a hard-on for that kind of cutesy shit, right?⑳
⑳Hell no. Not at all. Honestly, it got old ages ago.⑳
⑳Really? Aren't you always sneaking peeks at her tits, though?⑳
⑳That's 'cause boys don't care how nuts a girl is as long as she's got huge knockers, yeah?⑳
⑳Well, they're all she's got going for her! Blammo!⑳
⑳Dude, why are you flexing?! Aha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳I gotta say though, I never knew chicks could be so cutthroat. I thought the whole point of badmouthing someone behind their back was to do it when they weren't listening.⑳
⑳But recently, you girls have been doing it loud enough for her to hear, right? Seriously, what the hell? You girls are scary as shit.⑳
⑳Normally, like, whether you can hear it or not isn't really the point.⑳
⑳Usually, you can tell when people are talking shit about you. And when you do, you can think back and reflect on your recent behavior.⑳
⑳Besides, it hurts when you get insulted straight to your face, doesn't it? So girls are more passive-aggressive about that sort of thing.⑳
⑳Like, 'Hey, you're acting funny, think you can turn it down a notch?' or something.⑳
⑳Yeah, it'd definitely be a bummer to hear that straight out.⑳
⑳But Mayu doesn't pick up on that. It's like she can't pick up on subtlety.⑳
⑳So we've been saying the quiet parts out loud to see if she'll notice.⑳
⑳I mean, you can put it that way, but it feels like you're not even trying to hide it anymore.⑳
They spoke loud enough so she could hear them.
They just didn't say it straight to her face, was all.
But Hinagata didn't hear any of it.
No, she should have. There was no way she couldn't have.
And yet she acted like she didn't.
In fact, she even responded to their insults.
⑳I did get up in her face the other day. I'd gotten in a fight with my mom earlier, so I was in a really bad mood.⑳
⑳She just greeted me like she didn't have a care in the world, and that seriously pissed me off. So I was like:⑳
⑳Good morning, Mayu.⑳
⑳You're looking pretty today, considering how greasy and hairy you usually are. You growing a moustache?⑳
In all honesty, she'd immediately regretted saying that. It was too upfront.
She really didn't want to make Hinagata cry or get in a fight with her first thing in the morning. That would've been a total pain.
But Hinagata just kept grinning like an idiot and said:
⑳Eheh heh, thanks. But you're really pretty yourself, Rie.⑳
⑳Damn, what a slap in the face. I can't believe she had the guts to fight back like that.⑳
⑳You're wrong. It wasn't like that at all.⑳
Her smile wasn't fake.
Hinagata's response was completely genuine.
In that moment, Rie was terrified.
It was seriously like Hinagata had taken her insult as a compliment.
Rie was too flustered to do anything but thank her in response.
⑳It was so freaky. People don't just act like that. Ever. Like, it straight up gave me goosebumps.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Mayu goes beyond disgusting or annoying...⑳
⑳Yeah... She's creepy.⑳
Up until just a moment ago, they'd all been laughing along, having fun badmouthing Mayu. But now...
Everyone silently agreed that they were scared of her.
They'd each just been matching the others' attitudes, pretending to enjoy themselves. Playing cool.
But what they felt toward her wasn't just a sense of superiority or scorn. It was a discomfort difficult to describe.
⑳You think so, too?⑳
⑳Yeah... There's something weird about her.⑳
⑳A friend of my friend has a really strong sixth sense. She can sense spirits and stuff like that.⑳
⑳Oh yeah, I remember this story! You're talking about those ghost photos from the camping trip, aren't you?!⑳
⑳Wait, are you for real? That's really freaky...⑳
During a school camping trip, a photographer had taken several photos of random activities the students had done together.
The next day, they were posted on the bulletin board so those who wanted a copy could let the teacher know.
The girl with a strong sixth sense was terrified beyond belief when she saw several of those photos.
She didn't know why she felt so horrified, but she was able to point out which photos scared her.
And each one... had Hinagata in it.
⑳Th-That sounds like bullshit...⑳
⑳No, it's true, I swear! That story was all the rage with her and her friends for a while!⑳
⑳But Mayu's always smiling, yeah?⑳
⑳That's not very ghostlike. It's more like she's an idiot who just can't take a hint. So that's why the story never caught on in our class...⑳
⑳But it's creepy to be constantly smiling either way, don't you think?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳She freaks me out. I can't stand the thought of having to see her again tomorrow morning...⑳
Just a few minutes ago, they'd been making fun of Hinagata like she was some funny little animal in a zoo.
But now, just remembering her face sent shivers down their spines.
Hinagata had left her tote bag hanging from her desk.
Her classmates took a few steps back as if it were some cursed object.
At times like these, girls put some distance between themselves and things that scared them.
Boys, on the other hand, couldn't stand to be in the same room with their fears.
⑳Then why don't you just tell her already? If you're that creeped out by her, just say it.⑳
⑳No way. You're a guy! You say it!⑳
⑳Why do I have to speak for everyone?!⑳
⑳You girls are the ones calling her disgusting all the time, right? So shouldn't a girl tell her?⑳
⑳I-I don't wanna! Make someone else do it!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳But... you can't take any more of this either, can you?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I think we all kinda knew, but we were just messing around so we didn't have to admit it.⑳
⑳Mayu's a freak...⑳
⑳She's crazy. She sees and hears things we can't. Have you ever seen her eyes when she talks to you?!⑳
⑳Yeah... It's like she's a dead fish or something.⑳
⑳Oh... You think so, too?⑳
⑳How do I put it... It's like she's looking your way... but she's not actually looking at you.⑳
⑳She's facing you, but she's always looking slightly away. Never staring straight ahead.⑳
She never looked them in the eye while speaking.
She only acted like she was.
But any time they looked into her eyes, it was like she was staring into another world.
One that was much different than the one they all knew. One not of this Earth...
One of the girls shrieked and fell to the floor.
The boys shifted, looking uncomfortable and angry.
They were all bewildered...
...upon noticing the eerie presence in the room that every last one of them had failed to register.
If she'd found out what they'd been saying... then they could never go back to the way things were...
⑳Oh, sorry I scared you. I just forgot something.⑳
Some of the girls couldn't even contain their screams at Hinagata's sudden appearance.
⑳Left my tote bag here. Eheh heh heh!⑳
Hinagata beamed with a twinge of embarrassment as she walked over to her desk.
Her classmates cleared the way with each step she took as if she were cutting her way through them—or they were avoiding her.
Their expressions were clearly frozen. She should have seen that.
A sane person would likely want to run away from a place like this.
But not Hinagata.
She just smiled pleasantly at her dumbstruck audience.
Like an actress going up on stage to receive her award before a standing ovation.
...However, she was only proving their point.
Her eyes were darting back and forth between her peers bashfully... but she wasn't focusing on any of them.
Like one of them had said, while she was looking their way, her gaze was fixed on somewhere far away, past everyone else.
At somewhere not of this world.
A realm beyond anyone's comprehension...
Hinagata left the classroom again.
No one in the room dared even blink until they could no longer see or hear her.
⑳She had to have heard that... Right?⑳
⑳There's no way she didn't...⑳
Until Hinagata had spoken up, they'd all been talking behind her back without even realizing she'd returned.
So she had to have heard what they'd all said about her...
⑳Of course I did... How could I not...?⑳
Hinagata stopped in the middle of the hallway and leaned against a wall.
While her expression was as cheerful as always, her eyes were welling up with tears...
⑳Gotta give credit where it's due. Today's haunting was pretty good. Decided to take a different route from all the grotesque stuff for a change?⑳
Hinagata was always courteous, no matter what she heard.
However, basic courtesy couldn't apply to every situation.
When Hinagata was suffering from intense hauntings, she couldn't tell what people were saying about her or how they looked at her.
As such, there was no way for her to pick up on the social cues and other subtleties that most girls recognized as second nature.
So she simply acted as courteous as she could.
Anyone who noticed would probably consider it rather creepy.
They likely wouldn't have paid it any heed if she were a foreigner who barely spoke their language.
In fact, they'd probably find it admirable that she'd attempt to communicate with them despite her limitations.
But Hinagata was an ordinary Japanese girl by all appearances—and quite intellectual, to boot.
So nobody was going to put up with that.
They were seriously unsettled by her robotic behavior.
⑳It can't be true... That's impossible. I mean, don't they say... fortune comes to those who smile?⑳
⑳Didn't Grandma used to say... that you could make anyone happy by smiling and staying positive every day?⑳
Hinagata's grandmother had never been without a smile.
...But truth be told, Hinagata hadn't seen her in her last five years of life.
According to her father, her grandmother's personality had taken a significant turn for the worse due to dementia.
Knowing how dearly his girl loved her grandmother, he'd kept her from visiting so she could preserve her happy memories.
But it wasn't dementia. It was the after-effects of the hauntings.
The curse to constantly hear people badmouthing you even after the cursed soot had left—for life.
Her grandmother had lost to that—no, Hinagata didn't want to use terms like those.
She had spent her whole life ignoring the hauntings, acting like nothing was wrong, but at the end hadn't contained her rage and hatred toward them.
Hinagata believed that to be the truth behind her death.
However, in hindsight, she could now admit to something.
That when she was a child... there were times when she found her grandmother and her constant smiling creepy.
Her grandmother hadn't been smiling at the things she did or said.
It was an artificial smile, like that of a robot.
What's more, children can be cruel... so Hinagata once told her grandmother that she thought her smile was creepy to her face.
When she did, her expression...
⑳...⑳
⑳I can still remember it like it was yesterday... That smile, those tears...⑳
No words could describe it. Just remembering the look on her face broke Hinagata's heart.
⑳I must be making the same face as her right now...⑳
But in spite of that...
She couldn't help that she found her grandmother's smile creepy.
⑳Then I guess it should be no surprise...⑳
⑳My face is scary, huh? I mean... of course it is. I don't blame them.⑳
...Not bad.
⑳Not bad... Mr. Haunting.⑳
⑳I'll give you an 80—no, an 85—for today's efforts.⑳
But it still wasn't enough for a perfect score.
⑳Because in the end, it was nothing more than a haunting. A big, fat lie. You get ten whole points off because I realized it was fake.⑳
⑳What about the other five points, you ask? Heh heh. It's because it was missing the usual effect.⑳
Indeed.
That filthy laughter accompanied by the spewing of slimy drool.
It just wasn't the same without that to cap things off.
Bccccrrrrr... Gchhhhhhh...
⑳Yes. That's it.⑳
Gchhhhh... bbbchhhhhbchhhhhhhh...
⑳That disgusting laughter. You've already given me enough insults for the day, so could you just wrap this up with the usual?⑳
⑳Heh heh... I'm already used to hauntings by now, so I'm not gonna deal with some half-baked version. So come on... Bring that laughter on, the way you always do. I promise I'll listen to it.⑳
Hinagata's mind was engulfed by black smoke—by mist.
It was the cursed soot. She was sure of it.
Up until now, she'd always kept her guard up so not even a speck of it could pass into her brain.
However, this time, she opened the door for the soot and welcomed it.
At that moment, the soot swelled and filled her.
*Crack*
She could hear what sounded like the snapping of branches inside her head.
Magnificent antlers were growing out of her head.
And then she heard it all at once.
This was it. This was what she'd wanted. So she asked to hear that distorted laughter again.
⑳Mayu's such a freak! She's gotta know she doesn't have a single friend!⑳
⑳I don't even wanna get close to her. Someone go and replace her chair with a trash can!⑳
⑳If we cover it up and seal it with duct tape, maybe that'll get rid of her bad smell a little?⑳
⑳That'd just be a headache. She should just throw herself into an incinerator and burn up already.⑳
⑳Then her ashes and soot would spread from the chimney, right? What if it got on us?! Ew!⑳
The soot within Hinagata started to pour out and engulf everything.
⑳Die! Die! Hunt them down and kill them! Skin them, cut out their flesh, capture them all and butcher them!⑳
⑳Gheh heh heh heh ha ha bbbbchhhhrrrrrchhhh, bbbbchcccccccccbchhhhhhhhh!⑳
Damn you...
Damn you, man-demons. Even if you have forgotten us, we certainly have not...
Our siblings sacrificed themselves to save you, and your idea of gratitude was to slaughter our entire clan.
They might have forgotten about us after a thousand years, but I could never forget...
...the indignation I felt for those so-called humans on that day.
Even after a millennium, those flames of wrath still raged painfully.
My grudge over those thousand years of pain was only stoked higher and higher with each passing day...
With the cursed soot, I swore that I would drink the blood of every last one of them—every man, woman, and child of Susuda would pay...
...
...
⑳Mmm...⑳
It seemed I'd been dealt another haunting.
I'd lost consciousness leaning on the wall in the hallway.
It shouldn't have been for all that long...
...yet for some reason, I felt like I'd been dreaming for a while.
And not just for five or ten minutes, or even an hour.
More like a thousand years...
⑳This new kind of haunting sure blows the rest out of the water. Heh heh, all right, then. I look forward to the next one. I'll give you a perfect 100 this time...⑳
I looked up at the clock by the stairwell, only to discover the haunting had only lasted a minute.
Once I put on my shoes and went outside, I noticed something felt off about the sunshine and air.
The sun... was dim.
The color didn't look right, either. It seemed kinda dark, like it'd been smeared with soot.
It also felt like something was burning.
It must have been the stench of soot...
I'd never smelled that before, but somehow, I was sure of it.
My hands, feet, and all my fingers and toes were silky.
I could feel pitch-black soot packed into my extremities, like my fingertips.
I stroked my head without thinking.
To see if the antlers were there. To see if they were there for good.
⑳...Of course there aren't any.⑳
*Crack*
At that moment...
...I heard the sound of snapping branches inside my skull.
⑳...COME OVER HERE...⑳
⑳...COME OVER HERE...⑳
⑳SOON...⑳
⑳SOON...⑳
⑳...YOU WILL BECOME ME.⑳
⑳...YOU WILL BECOME ME.⑳
Hinagata's classmates were still frozen stiff in the classroom.
Someone finally let out a sigh of relief, returning the whole class to motion as though they'd been freed from a curse...
⑳Is... everyone okay?⑳
⑳I can't take it anymore... *sob*... I don't want to be in the same class as Mayu...⑳
Some of the girls had started crying.
⑳What the hell's wrong with her?! What is -with- that freak?!⑳
⑳She's gotta be an evil spirit or something! Everything's gone crazy since I ended up in her class!⑳
⑳You think so, too?! My dog died the day I was assigned to this class! Then the second the school year started, my grandpa was diagnosed with cancer and my dad was completely bedridden!⑳
⑳It's like we've been cursed or something!⑳
⑳And if anyone did it, it's her!⑳
⑳I can't do it! I can't stand it anymore!⑳
⑳Hinagata's a demon. An evil spirit! It's been just one bad thing after another since I got put in her class!⑳
Everyone started to chime in with the same kinds of stories one after the next.
⑳Oh, cut it out! Demons? Evil spirits? What are you guys, grade schoolers?! You don't seriously believe that mumbo-jumbo, do you?!⑳
The class quieted down.
That girl was a major influence amongst them.
But not in the same way a class representative might be.
She was the kind who'd talk back to teachers and ignore school rules whenever she pleased. It was obvious why they looked up to her.
⑳Why're you all so scared of Hinagata? She's just a crazy chick with her head stuck in the clouds! If you find her so creepy, just tell her to her face!⑳
⑳Then why don't you do it?⑳
⑳Sure, why not? You guys are freaking out over one girl just 'cause she's got a creepy smile.⑳
⑳Then again, this is Hinagata we're talking here. You guys think she just can't take a hint, but she definitely knows what we're saying. She just ignores it.⑳
⑳She's not deaf. There's no way she can't hear what we're saying about her every day.⑳
No one could argue against that.
It was impossible for her not to hear them. Yet she smiled through it all regardless.
And that was exactly what creeped everyone out so much.
⑳How 'bout we make things interesting and make this a contest?⑳
⑳Wh-What do you mean?⑳
⑳She's constantly got her head in the clouds, so why don't we see if we can cut her down to size? See how long she can keep up that perfect little princess act.⑳
⑳Whoa! Are you seriously suggesting we beat her up?⑳
⑳Hell no. I'm just saying we should test how long she can keep her head in the clouds. Her birthday's this month, right?⑳
Several of the girls rapidly flipped through their planners.
At the start of semester, it was common practice for girls in new classes to tell each other their birthdays and hobbies and the like.
So unlike the boys, they knew quite a bit about everyone, even if they didn't care for them.
⑳Wow, good memory. Yeah, it's coming up next week.⑳
⑳Hear me out, guys. Why don't we all throw her a birthday party?⑳
Huh?
Everyone was dumbfounded.
They stole glances at each other as if to check if they'd perhaps misheard her.
⑳A-A birthday party?⑳
⑳Yep. As a class. We'll go all out. I mean, nothing's ever gonna change if she keeps ignoring everything we say, yeah?⑳
⑳So we're gonna meet her halfway. We'll just drop all pretenses and ask her right then and there:⑳
⑳'Could you just drop the perfect little princess act when you're at school?'⑳
No one was sure if that was really meeting her halfway so much as it was just plain class-wide bullying.
But either way, they just couldn't keep going on like nothing was wrong.
Hinagata's smile was enough to give them hives at this point. They couldn't stand it any longer.
⑳...A birthday party sounds good. We can all get everything off our chests there.⑳
⑳Y-Yeah. Y'know, this could actually be a nice way to get it all out in the open.⑳
Indeed. Maybe they were the ones who'd been putting up walls.
They'd all bare their hearts and tell her they found her smile unsettling.
Each of them found their own reasoning behind it, whether it was simply out of a desire to bully her or a desire to keep the peace.
In the end, everyone was for the idea.
⑳Then let's celebrate Mayu's birthday.⑳
⑳Happy birthday, Mayu!⑳
⑳You're a creep, so take a hint already!⑳
⑳I sure hope Mayuhin likes this!⑳
⑳Of course she will. It's not like she has any friends.⑳
⑳But I bet she thinks she has plenty of friends, in her head.⑳
⑳Yeah, you're right. Hell, maybe I'm one of them? Eww.⑳
⑳Then let's celebrate her birthday! I'm sure that'll make her happy, happy, happy!⑳
⑳Yes, yes, I'm sure she'll love it... Kheh heh... Heh heh heh heh heh heh hah fhehhh!⑳
Gheh heh ha ha bchhhhchhhhbheh heh ha ha bchhhhbchhhhcbbbbchhh!
⑳Another haunting, huh...⑳
⑳This soot of mine sure doesn't know when to quit. I wish I could meet someone amazing and have a baby already.⑳
I would be freed from the hauntings if I passed the soot on to a new life.
But it'd be morally repugnant to just have a child because I wanted to escape my hauntings.
⑳I have to put an end to this thousand-year curse...⑳
⑳Eheh heh. And then I can take all the time I want finding a stud!⑳
Much as I hated it, I had to live the single life for now.
I'd begin my hunt in earnest once the curse was broken. Eheh.
⑳Anyway, all joking aside... No wonder that spell was sealed away.⑳
The soot-transfer spell.
My hauntings had grown in number and strength ever since I'd used it.
As much as I boasted about being used to hauntings, it definitely wasn't a spell I should use carelessly.
⑳But this way, I'm experiencing their hauntings instead. Knowing how happy they must be in exchange makes this all worth it.⑳
Sacrificing myself for the sake of the children... Was it the latent spirit of motherhood in me?
Or maybe I just wound up feeling better the worse things got?
It didn't make a difference. All that mattered was that I could make them all smile again.
⑳Excuse me.⑳
⑳Oh, Riria. Don't you have practice today?⑳
⑳Uh, yes. It's a very important session I can't afford to miss. But...⑳
⑳Are you sleeping well? I know how busy you tend to be, so you'd better not be fooling around on your phone in bed again.⑳
⑳I've been having nightmares again, so I've barely slept.⑳
⑳You poor thing. Come on over.⑳
I debated whether to roll down my right or left sleeve.
Ultimately, I decided on my right, revealing several brand-new razor cuts.
⑳Man, if the other teachers saw this, they'd totally get the wrong idea.⑳
⑳I-I'm so sorry. Really...⑳
⑳It's okay. You've done nothing wrong.⑳
I took a razor blade... and cut across my wrist.
Drops of fresh blood quickly rose up.
⑳Here you go. Drink up.⑳
⑳I'm sorry. I'm so sorry...⑳
Riria kneeled apologetically and suckled on my arm.
Her warm tongue tickled.
Was this what it felt like to have a baby drink from your breast?
I could feel the chill of the cursed soot flowing into me, but it almost felt comforting.
⑳Aaaaah... aah...⑳
Riria fell to the floor and heaved a heavy sigh of relief.
It seemed her haunting had left her completely.
⑳Okay, time for the next patient!⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳Aha ha... Guess that cat's outta the bag.⑳
⑳Ugh... Hinagata...⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata, um...⑳
The door opened, and the other girls from the LCSC filed in.
⑳You're all suffering, aren't you? Come on in. I've got some freshly squeezed blood ready for you.⑳
Up until the other day, they'd had no choice but to grin and bear their hauntings until they ended.
But now that they knew the soot-transfer spell could ease them, they wanted it whenever they were suffering.
Though they clearly felt guilty about it.
⑳If we drink your blood... You'll suffer in our place, won't you?⑳
⑳Hinagata's an adult... so it might not be as bad for her as us... But I'm sure it's hard on her... when all of us drink from her at the same time.⑳
⑳Mayuhin...⑳
⑳Eheh. You do realize what room you're in, right? What kind of doctor would I be if I turned away a student in need?⑳
⑳Go on, now. No need to be shy.⑳
⑳I'm sorry, Ms. Hinagata...⑳
⑳Don't worry about it. It'll get easier on you all once you grow up. Feel free to rely on me until then.⑳
⑳But still... you're gonna shrivel up on us like a mummy someday at this rate.⑳
⑳Eheh heh, well, I can't deny that.⑳
This spell was nothing more than a temporary solution.
I had to find a way to take care of the thousand-year curse at its roots.
I'd been looking into more old writings about the black arts.
But I was hunting for a solution people across this nation had sought for hundreds of years.
Finding an answer wouldn't be easy.
⑳Mmph... I want more.⑳
⑳Okay, that's enough for today. Come back if it gets rough again.⑳
⑳It's always rough. There's never a moment of peace.⑳
⑳Well, I guess that's true in your case...⑳
⑳It's hard on me too, you know! Do you have any idea what kind of disgusting dreams I'm having all the time?⑳
⑳This puts a burden on Ms. Hinagata, so I think we should only go to her when it really gets bad.⑳
⑳You're one to talk! I was putting up with it, but then you went and asked for help behind our backs!⑳
⑳I-It was just because I needed to be in tip-top shape today! I wasn't exactly thrilled at the prospect myself!⑳
⑳...A bloodsucking idol, holding secret blood-drinking rituals in the infirmary with a beautiful teacher.⑳
⑳Ooh, I like the way you phrased that, Kurokki. Hey Lilian, why not try promoting that side of you for a change? Nyeh heh.⑳
⑳A vampire idol... Mmm, that doesn't have such a bad ring to it.⑳
⑳Oh wow, I didn't think she'd actually go for it!⑳
⑳You could suck people's blood instead of shaking their hands and all that!⑳
⑳Do you think people would go for an idol who bites and sucks their blood?⑳
⑳...Yes. She'd hit it big for sure.⑳
⑳We could even tie it into a blood drive and everything!⑳
⑳Damn Lilian, you took the bait harder than I thought...⑳
Everyone was in unusually good spirits. Maybe it was because they'd been relieved of their hauntings.
Just getting to see that was all the reward I needed.
⑳Oh, that's right. Hey, Mayuhin, about tomorrow's LCSC...⑳
⑳Hmm? What about it?⑳
Truth be told, I'd already overheard what they were up to.
Tomorrow was my birthday, and they were planning a surprise party for me.
I was an adult, so even though I knew, I could easily play dumb.
⑳Well, you see, uh... There's something important we want to talk to you about tomorrow.⑳
⑳Should I come to the clubroom?⑳
⑳Oh, uh, no, we'll call for you instead!⑳
⑳...You can't go in until then.⑳
⑳And why not?⑳
⑳B-Because we have a lot to prepare—um, I mean, talk about before then.⑳
Oh man, these girls were just the cutest!
If I could just bottle up their cuteness and store it all in my heart, I'd never be misled again.
No matter how many hauntings of them badmouthing me I faced...
The next day, I waited restlessly in the infirmary.
I never knew feigning ignorance could be so nerve-wracking.
Eventually, Kanae and Tsubakiko showed up.
⑳Thanks for waiting, Mayuhin!⑳
⑳You wanted to talk to me about something, right? But by the looks on your faces, I'm guessing it isn't that serious.⑳
⑳Uh, um, nuh-uh, it's super serious!⑳
⑳But we'll need to blindfold you on your way to the clubroom, okay?⑳
⑳Hee hee. What on earth could this all be about?⑳
There wasn't much distance between the infirmary and clubroom.
But it felt like ages because my eyes were covered.
⑳The long wait is over! You can take off your blindfold on the count of three.⑳
⑳Okay! All right. One, two, three!⑳
There was the crack of party poppers, followed by a stream of ribbons.
The clubroom was beautifully decorated.
The desks were pressed together, lined with paper plates and cups.
⑳Happy Birthday, Ms. Hinagata!⑳
⑳Eheh heh, thank you!⑳
⑳How old are you now, Hinagata?⑳
⑳Did we get you? Was it a big, big surprise?⑳
⑳Of course. I was really surprised.⑳
⑳How old are you now, Hinagata?⑳
⑳This is thanks for everything you've done for us! Happy Birthday!⑳
⑳How old are you now, Hinagata?⑳
⑳Eheh heh heh heh heh, eheh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh!⑳
⑳Th-There it is! Mayuhin's legendary Iron Fist Crusher!⑳
They handed me a paper cup and asked if I'd prefer a sweet or unsweetened drink.
⑳What's the non-sweet one?⑳
⑳It's a special tea made of fish mint, spinach, and wormwood. People in the entertainment world are crazy over it. All of us in Flower High drink it as well.⑳
⑳S-Sounds really healthy...⑳
⑳And the color is one to behold.⑳
⑳Really makes you wonder why it looks like a cup of water you'd been dipping your paintbrush in all night.⑳
⑳Oh, I totally see that. It's that weird grey-ish, green-ish color.⑳
⑳Uh... then what's the sweet one?⑳
⑳Pop, pop! Fizz, fizz! Oh, you know it's gotta be Wanyan's all-natural salted cider!⑳
⑳...There are fifty sugar cubes in a single bottle.⑳
⑳That sounds like diabetes waiting to happen...⑳
⑳Oh, but we're just gonna be drinking some regular tea.⑳
⑳After all, you can't have cake without black tea.⑳
⑳And of course, ours have half the sugar, half the calories!⑳
⑳...So which would you prefer? The fish mint whatever tea, or the diabetes in a bottle?⑳
⑳Can't I get a third option, too...?⑳
⑳Now then, without further ado, let's celebrate Mayuhin turning something something years old!⑳
⑳Cheers!⑳
⑳And now, the pièce de résistance—the cake!⑳
They brought out pieces of cake from a convenience store.
A full-size cake would've been outside their budget, so they'd had to settle for smaller pieces, but they were cute.
The rest of theirs looked like standard slices, but mine was still in its box.
⑳We all chipped in to decorate it!⑳
⑳I'm kind of sad that it's going to get eaten...⑳
All of them had worked so hard to decorate a cake just for me.
I couldn't be happier.
This was a priceless feeling you couldn't find anywhere else.
⑳Aww, I'm so happy! Almost as happy as I would be eating cake all alone in a high-class hotel with a total beefcake!⑳
⑳Nyeh heh heh. Sounds like someone's bitter they have no plans today, eh?⑳
⑳No, I'm glad I'm single. If I weren't, I would've had to turn you all down, and this party would have been for nothing.⑳
⑳Oh, we could've still partied. We'd just be gossiping about your boyfriend instead.⑳
⑳It wouldn't be a birthday party anymore, but it'd still be a nice tea party between friends. So please, don't worry yourself over us.⑳
⑳...We're still going to sit here cursing every normie with a boyfriend to go eat worms and die, though.⑳
⑳Hmm? Says the beautiful high schooler with a fiancé here?⑳
⑳Fiancé? Sorry, I don't spend time with cockroaches.⑳
A lone sneeze could be heard from the nearby bike parking lot.
⑳Alrighty then! Let's reveal Mayuhin's main dish of the day!⑳
After a countdown to build suspense, the box was opened to reveal...!
⑳Whoooo...oaaah...⑳
Astonished gasps at a time like this were all part of the program, in a sense.
Whether the cake was wonderful, shabby, or plain unidentifiable, you were supposed to do it regardless.
Incidentally, among those three categories, this cake was in the third—unidentifiable.
⑳Umm...⑳
⑳What exactly... was the inspiration behind this cake?⑳
⑳If you wish to know, then allow us to explain.⑳
⑳...These are blackened and deep-fried dog poop sugar cookies.⑳
⑳And these are freshly picked cockroaches, carefully caramelized with a lighter!⑳
⑳Here you are! You can wash it all down with some juice I squeezed from a dirty bathroom washrag!⑳
⑳W-Well, this certainly is a big surprise!⑳
⑳Oh my, I can't thank you enough for such a wonderful cake! It looks so yummy, I can barely wait to sink my teeth into it!⑳
⑳Then eat it. Go on. If it looks so yummy, then put it in your mouth.⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
Hinagata's classmates were surrounding her.
The blackboard was scribbled with tons of messages celebrating her birthday...
⑳Happy Birthday, Mayu! We all hate you!⑳
⑳Please stop with the weird-ass smiling. It's creeping us out.⑳
⑳I never liked you, so stop acting like we're friends!⑳
Hinagata's classmates sat her at her desk and encircled her.
There was a paper cup with a drink in it and some cake on a paper plate.
The drink looked like regular water.
But there were dusty strands of hair floating on the surface. It appeared absolutely filthy.
It certainly looked like it had been squeezed out of a dirty washrag, just like they'd said.
⑳Hinagata, are you seriously saying this filthy bathroom gunk looks good?⑳
⑳Enough with the false bravado. It seriously hurts to watch!⑳
Hinagata had to admit it.
She needed to give this haunting credit where it was due.
Her beloved classmates had thrown a birthday party for her after school.
They'd all gotten together and bought a drink and a cake just for her.
She was certain they'd done this out of the kindness of their hearts, yet the haunting must have horribly distorted it.
No. She refused to doubt everyone's friendship.
No matter how maliciously the haunting warped reality, she couldn't allow herself to doubt them.
Seriously, filthy bathroom gunk?
Her good friends would never make her drink something so disgusting.
⑳You still don't get it?⑳
⑳None of us have ever considered you a friend. Not even once!⑳
The haunting was really working hard today.
But no matter how many times it showed Hinagata something like this, it wouldn't work.
⑳Eheh heh. Seriously, thank you all for today! I'm so happy you put together such a wonderful birthday party for me! You guys are the best friends I could ask for!⑳
⑳Are... Are you even listening?! None of us want to be your friend!⑳
⑳Thank you. I think you guys are the best, too.⑳
⑳What the...⑳
⑳There... really is something wrong with her.⑳
⑳She's not just weird... She's straight up crazy...⑳
⑳I-I'm scared... What's wrong with her...?!⑳
⑳Then drink it already! If you think that gunk actually looks good, then drink up!⑳
⑳A-All right. Here I go.⑳
Whatever this drink was, it looked like it'd been wrung out of a dirty washrag, just like they'd said.
The clumps of hair and dirt floating in it made Hinagata feel visceral disgust.
⑳You've turned everyone's words into nasty comments and given them horrifying faces. And you even made the drink look nasty, too. Pretty good.⑳
⑳But I know the truth.⑳
This was just a delicious drink they'd bought to celebrate her birthday.
She knew that. She knew that. She knew that...
She brought it to her mouth.
The moment the filthy liquid touched her lips, her brain went blank like static on a TV.
So now the haunting was trying to distort her taste buds?
It had no flavor. It was like a chemical reaction.
Even the tiny amount she sipped made her whole mouth fill with a swelling, stinging sensation.
What she felt afterward wasn't just nausea.
It was vomit.
Hinagata's brain disregarded her feelings by sending an absolute order to clog her throat and throw up the liquid in her mouth.
But she refused.
This was a delicious drink they'd bought just to celebrate her birthday.
But because of the haunting, she couldn't even tell if it was orange juice or soda.
⑳Mghh... Ghhh...⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...Yep... Sure is... delicious...⑳
⑳Urgh! *cough* *cough* *cough*⑳
Everyone was giggling.
Many of them seemed to be straining themselves to smile. Others looked like they were just trying to follow everyone else's lead.
Many of them stared like they'd just witnessed the most disgusting thing they'd ever seen, while others were averting their gazes entirely.
In fact, the latter group seemed to be in the majority.
Most of them were looking away and seemed to be questioning whether they'd taken this too far.
...
It was quiet...
Too quiet. It was wrong.
⑳...Just do the usual... already...⑳
⑳What?⑳
She was waiting for that ugly laughter...
⑳Gchhghchhh... bjrrrrr...⑳
⑳Make them... do the laugh already...⑳
⑳Wh-What the hell are you talking about...⑳
The girl looked at Hinagata's eyes and was rendered speechless.
Her eyes were eerie and unfocused... but that wasn't all.
Mayu Hinagata's eyes were inhuman.
They were pitch-black.
Of course, it was normal for people to have darker eyes. But hers were otherworldly.
They were so pitch-black that just touching them seemed like it would stain one's fingers black—the black of soot.
⑳Come on... do the laugh...⑳
⑳Wh-What are you doing?⑳
⑳I'm waiting... Just do that awful laughter again... Like you always do...⑳
⑳Q-Quit looking at me...⑳
Her pupils were black and deep like an abyss.
The girl thought she might get lost in those eyes. No, that was far too romantic a term for what Mayu Hinagata made her feel.
She felt like those eyes were trying to swallow her whole.
Like the fangs of a massive predator lurking in the dark, waiting to devour its prey.
If she were to keep staring, she would be consumed.
Believing in that instinct, the girl took a step back.
⑳This cake looks really yummy... Hey, do you mind if I take a bite yet?⑳
⑳Y-You're going... to eat it...?⑳
⑳Huh? Well yeah, it's my birthday cake, right?⑳
⑳Y-Yeah...⑳
They'd piled dog feces, dead cockroaches, and every last disgusting thing they could think of onto it.
You'd have to be crazy to be able to look at it without feeling ill.
But Mayu Hinagata's eyes were sparkling with joy.
She believed it to be a specially decorated cake her classmates had brought to celebrate her birthday.
Did she not see it? Could she not even see the grotesque pile of cockroaches in front of her?
No... She could.
Mayu Hinagata could see them as clear as day.
Yet she was looking at the massive pile as though it were the most delicious cake in the world.
⑳Hi-Hinagata's just... fearless...⑳
⑳Y-You can stop now, okay? We get it, you're brave...⑳
⑳Oh, come off it! Th-There's no way she's really gonna do it!⑳
⑳Go on, Mayu! Eat it! It looks fucking delicious, right? Then just inhale that shit already!⑳
She was like prey in its last moments, attempting to puff out its body to make itself seem bigger than it really was.
Naturally, the pitch-black predator didn't hesitate.
At that moment, tiny strangled screams resounded throughout the room.
⑳...Eheh heh, I really inhaled that... huh...?⑳
She did it. Mayu Hinagata actually did it.
She opened her mouth wider than anyone would have imagined from her beautiful visage... and took a bite out of half the cake.
The half with the dog feces and cockroaches.
Her chewing resounded throughout the room.
All of them squeezed their eyes shut and shivered as she crunched away on cockroach carcasses.
⑳Th-That's enough! Let's just stop this!⑳
⑳Don't pussy out on us! Look how happy she is! Ain't that right, Mayu? It's fucking amazing, isn't it?!⑳
⑳Uh-huh... It's really good...⑳
⑳W-Well, good... Then you'll eat the other half, right?!⑳
⑳Sure will... I won't leave a single bite behind...⑳
⑳AfTEr aLL... iT WAs SO nICe oF YoU... tO GEt mE SucH A wOnDERfuL cAKE FOr mY BIRthdAY...⑳
⑳St-Stop it, Mayu! W-We're sorry! We're so sorry! So please, just stop!⑳
⑳Stop what? I'm fine. I cAn FInISh a whOLe PIEce oN mY oWN... SeE...?⑳
⑳i mEAn... IT's My biRTHdAy CAkE... iT'D Be rUDe NOt tO fiNISh iT...⑳
Mayu Hinagata picked up a cockroach leg that'd fallen off the plate...
...and swallowed it.
There was another chorus of screams at that moment.
Some were screaming from how repugnant it was.
Some were screaming because they'd been the ones who'd readied the cake.
And all of them were screaming at the sight of Mayu Hinagata eating the cockroach leg as if she'd devoured a piece of her own body.
⑳IT's SO gOOD... SerIOUsLy, It'S dELiCiOUS... I cAN tELL YoU aLL pUT a LOt oF loVE INto iT... SO It'S eVEN BEtTer tHAn EVer...⑳
Mayu Hinagata's gratitude was probably genuine.
But none of them could accept that.
Even those who'd started the verbal abuse were at a loss for words.
Only the girl who'd devised this plan in the first place was still putting up a front, albeit barely.
⑳A-Are you serious...? You really think it tastes good?⑳
⑳YeAH... It TAStes grEAT... kiNDa MAkeS mE sAD tHERe ISn'T mORE...⑳
⑳...W-Well, fine! Have all you want!⑳
The girl grabbed Mayu Hinagata by the head and slammed her face into the desk.
Mayu Hinagata's neck bent slightly like a straw, and her face smashed into the plate.
⑳How is it?! Pretty good, huh?! You just love the taste of dog shit and cockroaches, huh?!⑳
⑳I SuRE dO... I'vE NEveR hAD chOCOLatE cAKE THiS GOod befORE...⑳
⑳What the fuck is wrong with you?! You seriously think that's chocolate?! It's dog shit and cockroaches! Is your tongue as fucked up as your brain?!⑳
The girl kept slamming Mayu Hinagata's face into the plate.
Over and over and over and over again.
Mayu Hinagata's face was smeared with cream and filth.
But the white whipped cream only made the abyss in her eyes stand out even more.
Now that her face was filthy, they couldn't tell what kind of expression she was making.
And that just made her all the more horrifying.
⑳What the hell?! What's with those eyes?! If you've got something to say, then just fucking say it!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...CoME oN, lAUGh... LikE ALwAYs...⑳
⑳You know... bjjjjrrrrrrrrrbchhhhhhhhbchhh, gjrrrrrrrrrrr...⑳
⑳When have I ever laughed around you?! Fucking never, that's when! I'd rather die than say hi to you, let alone laugh with you!⑳
⑳...I... knOW... We'RE... tHE bEST... Of fRIENdS...⑳
⑳Goddammit, quit fucking around! We're not friends, you fucking monster!⑳
The girl yanked Mayu Hinagata by the hair and dragged her to the floor.
To an outsider, it would've looked like an unprovoked act of violence...
...but it was a different story for those present.
Mayu Hinagata wasn't the one acting tough, no matter how one spun it.
It was the other way around.
All Mayu Hinagata had done was listen to them and swallow the filthy drink and cake.
Yet it was clearly her classmates who were being driven against a wall.
Even the girl who was viciously attacking her looked like a cornered mouse desperately trying to bite at the cat who caught it.
Her face was clammy with beads of sweat.
She didn't look like a fearless bully anymore, and yet...
⑳I'm not your goddamn friend, you freak! You don't have any friends!⑳
⑳Why the fuck would I ever laugh with you?! You're the one who started laughing here! What's so fucking funny, huh?! Quit laughing! Quit looking at me! Stay the fuck away from me!⑳
That cake of dog crap and cockroaches was chocolate cake?!
That gunk squeezed from the dirty washrag was a delicious drink?!
This girl was seriously messed up! She was insane!
Was she even human?!
She might have looked that way on the outside, but there was no way! She was something else! Something not of this world!
...Did that disgusting cake really look like a magnificent chocolate cake?
Of course not...
I could see the dog feces and cockroaches as plain as day.
But that was just the haunting's doing... right?
In reality, it actually was a wonderful birthday cake... right?
They were all my friends. They wouldn't do something so awful on my birthday... right?
(I'm so sorry, everyone...)
I couldn't see it.
All I saw... was a hideous, filthy cake.
It tasted awful. And that wasn't all.
They'd all written me so many lovely birthday wishes on the blackboard, right?
And they all wished me a happy birthday when I walked in... right?
(I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry.)
It all came across distorted to me... so I did my best... to guess what they were feeling.
In reality, I had no idea what they'd actually said, written, or made for me...
But I wanted to let them know how happy it made me that they'd done something so nice for me.
So I'd just tried my best to act like I could see and hear it all.
And maybe... they could tell I wasn't being sincere.
If I'd been upfront and told them I couldn't see...
...or hear any of it...
...maybe they wouldn't have gotten so mad.
No, that couldn't have been it. All the violence was the work of a haunting, too. It had to be.
Same for all those horrible things they'd written on the blackboard.
Every last one of those things they'd been saying about me...
They were hauntings... right? All of them were just hauntings... right?
But today was especially strange.
I hadn't heard any of that repulsive laughter at all.
(So maybe... you're mad at me too, Mr. Haunting?)
(Were you angry that I ignored and mocked you when you were just trying to tell me something?)
(Then I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry.)
(I swear I won't ignore or make fun of you ever again.)
(So please, Mr. Haunting...)
(Let me hear that laugh... the same one as always.)
...
(Are you still mad at me for not being honest...?)
(...All right, then I'll say it. I'll be totally upfront with you.)
⑳Please... just make this all one big haunting...⑳
⑳I know how they all really feel about me... and what they're doing to me right now...⑳
⑳I know it all... perfectly well...⑳
⑳But that's why... I'm begging you...⑳
(Just make this all a haunting...)
(I won't ignore you ever again.)
(I'll accept you in your entirety...)
*Crack*
The sound of snapping branches echoed in my skull.
...They'd blossomed.
Antlers like the branches of old trees were sprouting from my head loudly.
Just then, my feet met with something.
It was a surface.
I'd finally reached the bottom of this eternally deep swamp of soot.
There, I found my mirror image.
...No.
It was my other self.
⑳So you've arrived, Mayu Hinagata...⑳
⑳Who are you...?⑳
⑳I am the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto. You've done well to make it here.⑳
⑳Your wish is but a trifle for me to grant.⑳
My other self spoke clearly.
⑳Give me your body. Surrender the vessel of your soul to me.⑳
⑳If I do... you'll make this all... a haunting?⑳
Mayu Hinagata's body burst apart.
Not literally, of course. She suddenly stood up as though she'd been struck by lightning and raised her arms up to the heavens.
Her arms then spread as wide as possible... and then burst apart.
This time literally.
Mayu Hinagata's body and chest burst open from the inside.
Her ribs split apart from within, and her lungs and heart burst into tiny pieces, exploding in a gruesome splatter of blood and meat.
A moment later, something like sleet rained down on the classroom.
It was the crude iron of hell, wrought of black soot and red blood. In an instant, the splatters caught fire the color of resentment.
And as it was engulfed in flames... Mayu Hinagata's body was stripped.
Not of its clothes—of its skin. The meat slipped from her bones like a snake's old skin.
Mayu Hinagata crumpled up and discarded her flesh.
And from it emerged none other than Mayu Hinagata herself, her arms still spread out in the same pose.
Antlers like those of a grand deer god sprouted out of her head. She was no human.
She was even floating a few centimeters off the ground.
Everyone who saw it could tell...
...that -something- within Mayu Hinagata had discarded her, taken her form... and been born.
They couldn't even scream. Or perhaps their screams were beyond audible.
They just stared dumbfoundedly, mouths flapping like beached fish as they fell to the ground in shock one after another.
⑳A millennium has come and gone, yet the children of man are as deplorable as ever.⑳
⑳But rest assured, Mayu.⑳
(...Yeah.)
⑳This is all a haunting brought upon by my soot. Of course, that goes for everything in your past and future.⑳
(This is a haunting. This is all a haunting...)
⑳Indeed. Your 'friends' have been and always shall continue being your friends, just as you've known them.⑳
⑳Sleep, Mayu. Slumber in peace in the abyss of my soot.⑳
⑳What... the...⑳
⑳While I am deeply disappointed how you all have failed to change after a thousand years, I must also offer my heartfelt gratitude.⑳
⑳Mayu refused to doubt you curs no matter how much I warped the world with my hauntings. I almost considered giving up... but then you approached of your own volition.⑳
Had Hinagata given in and fallen into the darkness of the hauntings, the doe could have easily taken her body.
But Hinagata always fought back. She'd believed her classmates were her friends no matter what.
...What fortune it had been that she would be driven to wish for a haunting herself!
⑳Hmm. I suppose this must be gratitude.⑳
⑳I have crept at last from my prison of flesh, after a millennium of unwreaked vengeance—and if it were not for you, the hammer of my wrath would feel scarcely worth swinging!⑳
Thick, rusty blades about ninety centimeters long sprouted out of the doe's hands.
They were carving knives, used to dismantle wild game.
Nothing living could touch those blades.
Anything those blades touched was dead already.
⑳E-Eek...!⑳
⑳Aah, aah... aaaah...⑳
The doe's knives should have cut the girl's body into ribbons.
While they did indeed sink into her, they didn't cleave flesh or draw blood.
Instead, pitch-black soot lingered in streaks where they'd been.
The soot disappeared before long—or rather, it was more like it was absorbed into her body.
⑳You children of man could not possibly hope to understand my thousand years of rage. So at the very least, I shall make you suffer like Mayu did.⑳
⑳Gaaah... urghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
The girl convulsed as she spewed jet-black vomit and excreta.
The other classmates cowered with fright, but couldn't even scream, much less try to help her.
All that lay before the carving knives were corpses destined to be chopped up. There was nothing the living could do against them.
But they were permitted one thing:
To scream in terror—all for the doe's pleasure.
⑳Heh heh heh, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata. Ms. Hinagata! Hang in there!⑳
⑳Harumiya, here's a damp handkerchief!⑳
⑳...Should I go call the school doctor?⑳
⑳Well, she's right here, so it's fine.⑳
⑳Did it happen... again...?⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata. Thank goodness...⑳
⑳You suddenly went pale and fell right out of your seat.⑳
I slowly got up.
It all came back to me. The LCSC was holding a birthday party for me.
Then they revealed the cake... and I passed out.
⑳...⑳
⑳Are you okay? Don't push yourself.⑳
⑳I just need to sit down. I'll be fine.⑳
Everything on the desks was as it had been right before my memories were muddled by that nightmare.
Paper cups full of tea.
And a convenience store cake beautifully decorated by everyone.
Topped off with colorful chocolate and jelly.
That cake was a treasure chest so beautiful and adorable I wanted to keep it for all eternity.
⑳...Was it another haunting?⑳
⑳Eheh heh, sorry about that. The cake was just so beautiful that I passed out!⑳
⑳Sorry to make you all worry. Guess I'm not in ship-shape just yet.⑳
⑳It's... because of us, isn't it?⑳
⑳Don't worry about it. I'll be right as rain tomorrow.⑳
⑳You don't look so good, though. Maybe we should call things off for today and save this for tomorrow?⑳
⑳Nah, it's fine. No sweat. I'm okay now, really.⑳
⑳Please don't push yourself, Ms. Hinagata. Seriously.⑳
⑳Eheh heh, I'm not pushing myself! Pushing yourself damages the skin→So I don't push myself!→Thus my skin is beautiful and attractive as ever!⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha, that's good. I'm really happy to hear you say that.⑳
⑳Now let's dig in! What kind of birthday would this be if we gave up before I got to eat the cake?⑳
Of course, there was nothing repulsive sticking out of it.
This tasty cake, crafted with pure affection, was the best birthday cake I'd had in my life...
Cake, drinks, and a leisurely girls' chat after school, where age and social standing didn't matter.
A time women of all ages could enjoy.
⑳How are you feeling today, Toé?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...Go...⑳
Oh dear. And she seemed like she was doing well earlier.
By this point, Toé was looking down with dull eyes.
⑳How about the rest of you?⑳
⑳I've been managing fine since yesterday, thanks to you.⑳
⑳We've just been really worried you might not be doing well yourself.⑳
⑳We really do appreciate you helping us back there, though!⑳
⑳Seriously, you don't need to thank me every time.⑳
⑳But I think Toé's hit her limit for today.⑳
Toé's eyes were unfocused.
If her hauntings ran on the same wavelengths as mine, then she was probably suffering from a rather serious one at the moment.
I had to get her home.
She would get better quickly once she lay in the doll memorial hall.
⑳Doesn't look like Toé's feeling good. Let's call it a day here. I'm sorry to ask this of you, but I'm going to take her home, so can you clean up?⑳
⑳*pant* *pant*⑳
⑳Are you all right, Toé?⑳
⑳Mgh... It's rough...⑳
⑳You'll feel better once you rest in the doll memorial hall. Go wait by the entrance. I'll pick you up in my car.⑳
⑳It's so tough... Carry me...⑳
⑳I'll consider it if you weigh under twenty kilos. Could the rest of you escort Toé to the entrance?⑳
It did seem like Toé was having a tough time, but it couldn't have been too bad if she was still capable of conversation.
But just as I turned around, I heard a thud.
Toé had collapsed to the floor.
⑳Are you okay, Kurokami?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳...I can't do it...⑳
⑳Please hang in there. You'll get your uniform dirty.⑳
⑳What do we do, Mayuhin? She won't stand.⑳
⑳Or maybe she's feeling so, so bad she can't even stand?⑳
⑳...Hina...gata...⑳
Toé sounded less ill and more like a baby calling for her mother.
She couldn't have been feeling all that bad.
Then again, everyone wanted to test those around them to see if they'd actually help them when push came to shove.
Though I really wished she'd grown out of feeling that way by pre-school.
⑳Hold on. I can't carry you, but I can walk you over.⑳
⑳...I can't stand...⑳
⑳What's with you? When did you turn into such a spoiled little girl, huh?⑳
⑳Mlln, mlln, mlln, mlln...⑳
She was even sucking her thumb.
I was surprised she had this side of her.
⑳Come on now... You want me to spoil you or what?⑳
⑳Hinagata... it hurts...⑳
⑳I know. So we need to hurry and get you home.⑳
⑳It hurts so badly... so please let me have some blood...⑳
Ah, of course. She was thinking of my blood the same way a child would their mother's milk.
⑳No can do.⑳
⑳Pleeease?⑳
⑳I said no.⑳
⑳Let me have some!⑳
⑳That's a black art, you know. I can't just use it all willy-nilly like that. Besides, my hauntings get worse and worse in exchange for all the suffering I take from you.⑳
⑳But you said you'd be right as rain tomorrow.⑳
⑳Which means I can't use it until tomorrow at the very earliest.⑳
⑳Then you'll let me have some tomorrow?⑳
⑳That's not what I mean. Like I said, it's a black art. It was supposed to be sealed away...⑳
⑳Ow...⑳
Toé bit Hinagata's hand.
It wasn't just a nibble, either. She actually sank her teeth in.
⑳Toé, what are you doing...?⑳
⑳Mmm... Mlln... mllln...⑳
Toé paid no attention to anything but the blood seeping out of the bite.
She licked away at it like a child trying to catch every last drop of ice cream dripping down a cone.
As though she were trying to suck every last drop of blood out of Hinagata's body.
⑳O-Okay! That's enough now! Let's stop.⑳
⑳Mmm... Mmmmm...⑳
But Toé kept drinking away like there was no tomorrow.
The droopy look in her eyes was so adorable that Hinagata almost wanted to give her what she wanted, but spoiling her felt like it was out of the question.
⑳Okay, all done. You feel a little better now, right? Still, we should get you home to be safe.⑳
⑳Not yet... I want more...⑳
⑳Hey, come on now, Toé... Cut me some slack. I already gave you a little. You can manage, right?⑳
⑳Lucky...⑳
⑳We want some too, you know...⑳
⑳Nuh-uh, no can do. We're all done.⑳
⑳Kurokami hogged it all to herself. It's not fair.⑳
⑳...Huh?⑳
⑳I think we all deserve the same treatment.⑳
Hinagata was taken completely off-guard after her efforts to politely turn them down.
...For all of them had the same dead eyes.
They were panting and sweating.
Like beasts who'd lost themselves to their passions, to use an uncomfortable example.
⑳We were simply putting on brave faces. Truth be told, we're all suffering here...⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata, you let Kurokami have a drink, so please let us have some, too...⑳
⑳Lemme have a sip. It's no skin off your back...⑳
⑳That's not true. You know I might get anemic if I lose too much blood.⑳
⑳Seriously, cut me a break, girls! I mean it.⑳
Everyone was clinging to her.
Hinagata tried to ward them off with a smile, but they were persistent.
Eventually, she realized this was no laughing matter.
She resolved herself and decided she had to get aggressive.
⑳That's enough!⑳
⑳Your hauntings ease up when you drink my blood, but mine get worse in exchange. They've been getting really bad recently. So please, be patient for a little while...⑳
⑳No.⑳
⑳How come Kurokami gets to have some and we don't?⑳
⑳That's not fair. It's crazy.⑳
⑳Crazy? You don't have the right to say something like—⑳
⑳Shut the hell up! Just let us have some already!⑳
Tsubakiko's face warped with rage, and she lunged forward.
Riria and Kanae remained fixated on Hinagata with expressions twisted with bloodlust.
They were enraged.
What's more, they were treating Hinagata like she was at fault.
They hated her for playing favorites with Toé.
⑳L-Listen here! I'm not a soda fountain! But I want to help! I really d—⑳
⑳You -are- a soda fountain.⑳
⑳Wh-What?!⑳
⑳We'll take a sip from you whenever we want!⑳
⑳Soda fountains don't talk. Shut up and let us drink already.⑳
⑳Mgh—mghhhhhhhhhhh, ghhhh!⑳
The four of them, Toé included, grabbed and bound Hinagata.
Someone got her in a chokehold, cutting off her air.
She couldn't even beg for them to stop anymore.
Her consciousness faded into a world of TV static...
...
...
After that...
Mayu Hinagata disappeared.
She just suddenly vanished without a trace one day.
For a while, the media had their fun discussing the case of the ⑳Beautiful Missing Teacher.⑳
But their attention eventually shifted to some idol scandal, and the topic was completely forgotten.
No one lived in that run-down two-story apartment building.
Those who'd tried to never stayed long.
None of them ever simply moved. They all just skipped town in the middle of the night or died alone under mysterious circumstances.
Even Tsubakiko Harumiya's father, the current manager of the building, had given up on it.
They didn't have the money to remodel it, so they basically used it for storage.
Or rather, it was a dumping ground for nondisposable items that were no longer usable.
And so everyone forgot it even existed...
Four high school girls carrying convenience store bags arrived at one of the building's apartments.
Those beautiful girls were an odd match for the gloomy building, to say the least.
One of them flipped the breaker, turning the lights on.
All the windows were shielded by thick, dusty curtains covered in mold.
Thus, it felt like it was late at night in the dimly lit room.
⑳*sigh* I'm beat. School took forever.⑳
⑳You've been going with us a lot these days, Riria. You okay on rehearsals and work?⑳
⑳No need to worry. I'm always on top of everything.⑳
⑳So heavy...⑳
The girls dropped their bulging bags to the floor with thuds.
They were filled with drinks and snacks.
From chips and candy to tea and transparent soft drinks full of sugar pretending to be flavored water.
It was like they were planning for a sleepover.
So the room looked much livelier as a result.
The girls all started chatting as they opened their snacks and sat in a circle.
⑳How have the two of you been feeling recently?⑳
⑳Like I'm in heaven!⑳
⑳I've been as good as can be, too! I'm as happy as a happy little clam!⑳
⑳What about you, Kurokami?⑳
⑳Mmm...⑳
⑳Good. I think.⑳
⑳The fact that Kurokki's talking to us proves she's doing good enough.⑳
⑳To put it in Harumiya terms, we're all happy as clams.⑳
⑳I've stopped having all those weird dreams. I feel so alive.⑳
⑳I think this has been good for my skin, too!⑳
⑳Now that you mention it, I haven't noticed any pimples on you lately.⑳
⑳Oh yeah? Well, I haven't noticed any razor burn on you either, Lilian!⑳
⑳Wh-Wh-Wh-What? That's not true! I've never had razor burn!⑳
⑳C'mon girls, break it up, break it up. Now's supposed to be a happy, happy, happy time!⑳
⑳I'm thirsty...⑳
⑳Yeah. I think it's about time we had a drink.⑳
⑳Mhm. Now's not the time to have a dumb fight.⑳
The girls closed the lids on their drinks and rose to their feet.
They gathered in front of the closet and opened it up.
It was one of those walk-in closets—big enough to enter.
And inside... was Mayu Hinagata.
No. Perhaps that expression wasn't appropriate.
For while it looked like her... she had been turned into something nearly beyond recognition.
⑳Mayuhin! We're gonna treat ourselves again!⑳
⑳Ugh, it smells horrible. When was the last time she had a bath?⑳
⑳I don't really mind the smell...⑳
⑳Actually... I'm kinda starting to like it.⑳
⑳Urghhhhhhhhhh... aghhhhhhhhhhhh...⑳
Hinagata moaned. But she couldn't move of her own volition.
Her eyes were covered with a black blindfold, and she had a ball gag in her mouth.
Her arms and legs were all bound at the joints by leather restraints.
She was stark naked.
Her body was littered with bandages and gauze, under which transparent tubes could be glimpsed.
On closer inspection, one might find that under every last piece of gauze was a tube emerging from her body.
No, not emerging. These tubes had been stabbed into her.
The darkish-brown blots that leaked from the tubes stained the bandages and gauze...
But what stood out the most... was her abdomen.
There wasn't a tube there.
Instead, surrounded by multiple layers of stained gauze... was a faucet.
A faucet had been attached to Mayu Hinagata's abdomen.
⑳I can't hold back... any longer... Haah... aaah... aaah...⑳
Toé staggered over to Hinagata, brought the tube in her side to her mouth, and slurped.
⑳Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmgh! Ghhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
Because of the ball gag, all Hinagata could do was moan in pain.
Once Toé sucked the tube, a dark-red liquid passed through.
It finally reached Toé's lips...
...and she drank it with a tiny gulp.
Her face warped with ecstasy as she spun her head with giddiness.
⑳Aaaaaaah... aaah... aah... Hinagata's blood... tastes so good...⑳
⑳Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmgh! Ughhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
Hinagata's whole body twisted as she moaned. But none of the girls could tell what she was saying, nor did they care to find out.
Her desperate groans only excited them, and they crowded around her one after the next.
⑳I like her neck juice the best...⑳
⑳Mghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
Tsubakiko drank from the tube sticking out of Hinagata's neck.
⑳I'm... real partial to this one. *slurp* *slurp*⑳
⑳Mghhhhhhhhhhh, ghhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
⑳We're completely addicted to Ms. Hinagata, aren't we? Every time I drink her blood... It makes me so happy...⑳
⑳Mmmmm, I love you, Ms. Hinagata! *slurp* *slurp*⑳
⑳Mghhhhhhhhhhhaghhhhhhhhhhh, mghaaaaaaaaaaaaaghhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
The girls swarmed Hinagata, drank as much as they liked from the tubes in her body, and compared the taste.
They looked like cannibals crowding around raw meat.
However, the expression the girls used was ultimately more apt:
⑳Mayuhin's been reborn as a human soda fountain...⑳
⑳A human soda fountain... Ha ha ha, a human soda fountain...⑳
⑳It's all-you-can-drink... and it tastes good. Aah, aaah...⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata's blood truly is the best... Aaaaaaaaaaah...⑳
⑳Y'know, Mayuhin, this is all your fault for being so stingy.⑳
⑳It's not like we wanted to do something this horrible to you. You reaped what you sowed.⑳
⑳*slurp*⑳
⑳This is what you get for keeping it all for yourself.⑳
⑳You should have—*slurp*—just let us drink your blood when we wanted.⑳
⑳The soot-transfer spell makes your hauntings worse? That's not my problem.⑳
⑳You know the soot is supposed to stay in one person to ensure everyone else gets a chance at happiness...⑳
⑳That's the way things have been for the last thousand years. *slurp*⑳
The sound of slurping and moans repeated over and over again...
A bitter and sour odor that couldn't only be sweat enveloped the room.
But it only made the girls even more excited, stirring their primal instincts.
⑳Ughhhhh... aghhhhhhhhhh...⑳
⑳It looks like you've gotten weak. We're still not done with you, so just hold out for a little while longer.⑳
⑳Whaddya say we get to dessert?⑳
⑳...Hurry up. I brought the cup.⑳
(Stop... Stop...)
(Not that... Please, anything but that...)
⑳We let her rest for a few days, so maybe it's stocked up a bit.⑳
⑳Okay, ready? I'm gonna do it.⑳
(Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop!)
Kanae reached right for the faucet sticking out of Hinagata's abdomen, and...
⑳Mghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!⑳
⑳Aaaaah... There it is...⑳
⑳So brown... So sticky... aaah...⑳
Repulsively enough, the girls had let Hinagata rest for a while so her bile would build up...
They extracted it directly via the faucet... and drank it...
It was enough to fill a small paper cup, and the girls kept snatching and drinking from it one after another.
Every single drop of it brought the girls immeasurable pleasure.
⑳It's so good... so good... Maybe we should just open a hole in Hinagata's skull and stick a straw in there.⑳
⑳That sounds good. We can do that once this well runs dry.⑳
⑳I wonder how that'll taste... Amazing... Aaah... I feel like I'm gonna melt just imagining it...⑳
⑳Mayuhin? You gotta push yourself a little more. Your output's been bad recently, y'know?⑳
⑳We really will stick a straw in your skull unless you put out a little more. Got it?⑳
⑳Heh heh heh, eheh heh heh heh heh...⑳
⑳Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!⑳
...
...I just wanted to help everyone...
Even if taking in their soot brought me suffering from the hauntings, all that mattered was that they could be happier in exchange.
And yet in reality... they weren't the least bit grateful.
Instead, they did this to me because I refused to let them drink my blood. Maybe I really did deserve it.
I suffered so many hauntings on their behalf...
...and this was my thanks?
It was just too cruel...
It was true that one shouldn't expect gratitude for good deeds.
But shouldn't one at least be honored for self-sacrificial acts?
Biting the hand that fed you the way they had was simply unacceptable.
...We felt pity for those starving humans.
And when they kept their oath to stay off our land, my dear brother and the rest of us believed that we ought to reward their piety.
So we offered our bodies and gave our lives to provide them with meat so they might stave off their starvation...
...and those ungrateful man-demons repaid us by slaughtering our clan out of greed.
I had not forgotten that indignation once this past millennium.
From day to night, from the beginning to the end of my dreams...
...my heart and body constantly raged with anger for a thousand years.
But this was it. Now was the time to exact revenge.
However, it wasn't enough. I lacked enough soot and rage for suitable vengeance!
My anger could not be quelled by judgment brought about by soot of this level!
More soot.
I needed more. More. More. More. More!
I wanted more soot! Enough to match the resentment of me, my entire clan, and my brother!
I would endure for a year, store up soot, and do the same the next year.
Soot stockpiled over ten years wouldn't be enough to quench my thousand-year rage.
Even if I gathered soot over a hundred—no, a thousand years—I was sure it still wouldn't be enough.
I would amass more and more and more and more cursed soot of wrath and knead it all together.
I could bring about an even more frightening calamity today than yesterday!
Meaning I could bring about an even stronger one tomorrow!
I would continue stocking up my soot. My rage toward the so-called humans.
Forever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever...
The fires of anger had blazed in my heart for a thousand years without end. My curse never once receded.
⑳I am the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto! Oh, how I loathe you, accursed man-demons! Even if you have forgotten my thousand-year grudge, I most certainly have not!⑳
⑳I shall not forget even if another millennium comes and goes!⑳
⑳I will continue to build this wrath—this soot—until the day I can finally deliver unparalleled calamity unto you man-demons arrives! Even if it takes me another ten thousand years!⑳
(...You poor thing.)
(...You poor thing.)
(You're a victim of the thousand-year curse, too...)
(You're a victim of the thousand-year curse, too...)
⑳Wh-Who was that?⑳
Someone actually called out to me in this inner world. That was impossible.
However, the voice continued as though there were nothing unusual about it.
(You still think it's possible to bring them to an end whenever you want, don't you?)
(Both your anger... and the curse.)
(But... that will never happen, will it?)
⑳What nonsense do you speak? I am the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto. I can bring calamity unto the man-demons whenever I so please!⑳
(No. That's a lie.)
(Don't you remember what you just said?)
(You could gather soot for a thousand more years, yet it still wouldn't be enough.)
(Even if you were to rage and curse for another ten thousand years and amassed an insurmountable stockpile of soot...)
(...I'm sure you would declare you could bring about a greater calamity if you gathered even more soot, and resume the cycle all over again.)
(The flames of your fury will never stop blazing.)
⑳What are... you saying?⑳
However...
...she must have realized that at some point.
After all... her anger hadn't subsided even after a millennium.
Even if she kept going for another ten thousand years, it still wouldn't be quelled.
She would always be furious. She would always be plotting a greater calamity.
She would have to, because she'd have no choice.
Even in their short, insignificant lives, humans experienced anger they couldn't resolve.
But over time, such anger quieted down, eventually to be forgotten and fade away.
However, she was different. No matter how many millennia might pass, she would never be freed of her rage.
(That's what you'd call a curse, isn't it?)
⑳O-Of course it is. For I am the curse of—⑳
(No. You're wrong. You're not a curse.)
(...You yourself have been cursed.)
⑳Y-You believe that I, burning with hatred for those ungrateful humans, am not a curse?⑳
⑳Then what am I?! If I am not the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto, what do you claim I am?!⑳
⑳You were bitter at the humans' betrayal.⑳
⑳That anger possessed you, turning you into one of the many poor victims of the cursed soot, still chained to it even after a thousand years.⑳
⑳Y-You're Mayu Hinagata... Impossible. I gnawed through your flesh just a moment ago...⑳
Her ribs had been snapped and her viscera destroyed as the thing she now spoke to burst forth from her chest.
Her heart, lungs, pancreas, and even her brain should have been crushed into pieces, melted into sludge, and vanished.
That should have meant certain death for a human. And yet...
⑳How?! How are you alive and here, Mayu Hinagata?!⑳
⑳Because I reached the bottom of this world of soot. You called me here. And though it took me this long, I am still here.⑳
⑳I see. So while the prison of flesh may have burst and vanished, your soul has already melted into mine and become one...⑳
⑳Mayu Hinagata. Your body is already no more.⑳
⑳Without a vessel, man-demons' souls are fated to be scattered to the winds and vanish. To think a remnant of your departed soul would be talking to me like this...⑳
⑳You don't need to put on a brave face.⑳
⑳You are very, very kind. And because of that, you are very easily hurt.⑳
⑳Wh-What?⑳
⑳That's why you were cursed to gather plenty of soot in your anger.⑳
⑳I am the curse!⑳
⑳No. You're not a curse. You are cursed.⑳
⑳Ridiculous! I am a curse! I am the Celebration Princess, who celebrates both the miracles and curses of the divine!⑳
⑳How long must you continue to celebrate? You've celebrated for a thousand years, will celebrate for a thousand more... and will keep celebrating for another ten thousand years?⑳
⑳My curse and anger shall rage eternal until I bring down the hammer of calamity upon the man-demons!⑳
⑳Is it fun to rage for all eternity?⑳
⑳Ha! Of course not! And though I say eternally, my eternity refers only to how long I shall amass soot to bring forth an earth-shattering calamity!⑳
⑳It is not eternal. My day of vengeance shall arrive someday.⑳
⑳...Even if that day comes, will you truly be freed?⑳
⑳After all, you could gather even more soot the day after that, couldn't you?⑳
⑳Even if the day of your vengeance comes, you'll never accept it. You'll declare that you'll gather more soot to bring about a grander calamity, and keep it up millennium after millennium.⑳
⑳Ghh... Ghhhhh...⑳
The doe was confused.
She couldn't comprehend what Hinagata was saying... but she knew her to be correct.
Upon that realization, the doe fell speechless, struggling and failing to come up with a rebuttal.
⑳It must have hurt you deeply when the humans betrayed you.⑳
⑳I know how that feels. I thought I got along with everyone... but I had it all completely backwards.⑳
Because of the hauntings, she'd lived in a world where she couldn't understand people's words and expressions, see the truth around her, or read between the lines.
Despite that, she'd wanted to get along with everyone, and tried her hardest.
But her efforts only ended up scaring them.
⑳That... birthday party cut me deeply. I couldn't believe how painful it was that all my efforts to be a likable person had been rebuked so thoroughly.⑳
Back then, Mayu Hinagata's anger and the anger of the soul who called herself the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto synchronized and became one.
⑳And so you sympathized with my rage... and surrendered your body and heart to me.⑳
⑳That's right. Our angers synchronized, and you opened the door to your heart to me. That's why I understand your anger, your sorrow, and your pain...⑳
⑳Can this be? Could a man-demon like yourself—a pitiful thing bound to a prison of flesh—truly have assimilated into my soul?⑳
That was why Hinagata could understand her in every way.
She wasn't a curse.
A curse brought suffering to others, didn't it?
So someone who'd spent a millennium suffering in rage and regret, and would be lashed with them for eternity... Someone like that was no curse.
Far from it. She was the one who'd been cursed and made to suffer.
⑳You must be plagued by a haunting. Just like I was.⑳
⑳Your haunting keeps you suffering and raging without end.⑳
⑳No matter how great the anguish, humans are eventually freed after several decades... But unfortunately, you are a divine being.⑳
⑳So time has solved nothing for you. You've suffered in constant torment for a thousand years.⑳
⑳...⑳
The doe was baffled—bewildered by the pity Hinagata regarded her with.
She was supposed to be the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto. She was supposed to inspire terror and awe, and cause men to tremble in her presence.
So why?! Why was this one pitying her?!
⑳That's enough. Release her at once.⑳
⑳What...?!⑳
Mayu Hinagata's gaze turned into a pointed glare.
However, her words and eyes were directed not at the doe, but the dark soot behind her.
⑳If my haunting was different from hers, perhaps I might not have understood.⑳
⑳But for good or ill, she and I have the same haunting.⑳
Mayu Hinagata knew this haunting well.
⑳The cursed soot—the haunting—warps the world and drowns our emotions in a sea of negativity!⑳
⑳What nonsense are you spouting, Mayu Hina—⑳
Just then, she felt it.
She who called herself a divine curse was grabbed from behind by giant hands—invisible, but black as night.
She could sense something massive and sinister—the likes of which she'd never perceived before—right behind her.
⑳Wh-What could be... more dreadful than I... the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto? I... who have carried a curse and anger spanning a millennium...⑳
-It- was the one Mayu Hinagata was glaring at.
But what in the world was -it-?
The grip of its giant hands alone kept the doe's body locked in place, not even permitting her to turn around.
Her body ignored her commands before that creature of ill omen.
⑳I-I am the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto... What in the world could possibly surpass me... in awe?⑳
⑳Don't turn around!⑳
Mayu Hinagata stopped her just as she was about to angle her head backward.
⑳You mustn't look.⑳
⑳Why?⑳
⑳Because it's not worth seeing.⑳
⑳What... do you mean?⑳
⑳It is the one you—all of you—should truly curse. The thing that took advantage of your anger and sorrow, and tormented you for a thousand years.⑳
The hands grabbing the doe's shoulders were growing cold as ice, the chill biting into her and bringing her pain.
And for the first time... the doe who had thought herself a curse shook with fear. So sinister was the presence behind her.
⑳Originally, there were no curses. But the fierce anger of the gods became cursed soot and remained in the world of man.⑳
⑳Anger is just among many emotions, and in itself I do not deny it. Anger may transform into many other things. It may even at times preface friendship.⑳
⑳But a curse has no emotions. All it does, all it wants, all it knows, all it dreams of is causing harm!⑳
⑳The gods regret leaving you in this world! You are the one who should be detested and cursed!⑳
⑳Ma-Mayu Hinagata... What in the world are you...⑳
⑳All of this... is my sin. The outgrowth of my rash, foolish crime, when I broke the strictures forbidding gods from interacting with humans!⑳
⑳Mayu Hinagata... No...⑳
⑳Can it be... You...?⑳
The cursed soot flowed into a fist the size of a boulder and struck at Mayu Hinagata with a repulsive roar.
But she dodged it with inhuman speed.
Giant fists shot forward one after another, but Mayu Hinagata—no, the one borrowing her form—was too fast for eyes!
⑳I have been waiting for this day. Ever since the quintuplets spell divided the descendant of the sacrifice into five.⑳
The quintuplets spell had split the soot of the sacrifice into five pieces.
However, no two humans live the same life. They play, learn, work, die—and have children at different times.
The power of the amassed soot was vast, and for a thousand years there had been no chance to strike back.
But since its split into five, some slippage had been certain—the quintuplets' lines couldn't continue in lockstep forever.
⑳The four bloodlines branched from the Kurokamis followed the same pace at first. But over the centuries, Mayu Hinagata's bloodline deviated. She was born a generation apart from the rest!⑳
Though the other four descendants were high schoolers, Mayu Hinagata was an adult.
As a result, she had escaped the influence of the other four's soot.
It was difficult for soot residing in a grown woman to synchronize with the soot of the other four descendants.
⑳How arrogant you are, cursed soot. In the quintuplets you thought yourself multiplied, made five? You were divided! You have but one-fifth of your might! This is a once-in-a-millennium opportunity!⑳
The giant soot arms swung like gales over the doe's shoulder and continued tearing apart Mayu Hinagata's afterimages.
But she continued to dodge effortlessly, elusive as the moon's reflection on the water.
⑳A thousand long years have I bided my time, waiting for this moment! The chance to free my sisters from the cursed soot's chains! Yes, I bided my time!⑳
⑳B...Br...⑳
⑳I was careless, and that was my sin! The villagers responded in kind with their own sin of ingratitude! But our sins are no reason my sisters should suffer for all eternity!⑳
⑳Br-Brother!⑳
⑳I know what manner of thing has tormented you this millennium, my sister. A relic the gods left behind! Heartless, soulless, accursed soot that aims solely to bring forth calamity!⑳
Mayu Hinagata had been plagued with sorrowful hauntings for a long, long time.
However...
...it was for that very reason she could understand the pain of the doe. One who'd suffered for a thousand years without ever realizing that she, too, was beset by the same haunting.
Mayu Hinagata realized that the doe and her sisters weren't anger or a curse—but rather had been cursed and made to suffer themselves.
That understanding—that moment of attunement—had briefly set her soul free from the cursed soot—the thousand-year curse.
That was the very chance Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto had waited a millennium for!
⑳...Let me go...⑳
⑳Release me at once, cursed soot!⑳
⑳You deceived me! You sowed a curse and vengeance in me! You used me!⑳
It had instigated her to gather more and more soot to exact revenge on the humans!
To gather together as one and gain even more power had been the cursed soot's scheme, its intention—its dearest desire!
To wait for soot to accumulate via the mating of humans would have taken far too long!
But a god it could curse for millennia or more, and keep on gathering soot in perpetuity!
⑳How dare you... How dare you...⑳
The doe had thought that Mayu Hinagata was her cocoon.
She had been wrong.
⑳You scum... Y-You thought that I was your cocoon, didn't you?!⑳
The doe erupted with vehement rejection upon learning the existence of the one she should truly hate.
Her body shone akin to lightning and repelled the giant lump of soot like static electricity.
And now the time had come...
...to face off against that which had filled her with naught but rage for a thousand years, bringing her endless suffering!
The grotesque lump of soot let out a howl like a death rattle.
In the end, it was soot. It couldn't take shape. It was a transient entity that could be easily scattered by wind.
Now that its vessel—the doe—had rejected it, it was unable to maintain its form!
⑳Now is our chance, my sister! Strike down the curse!⑳
⑳As you wish, Brother!⑳
Thick, brutal corpse-carving knives emerged from the doe's hands.
But when Mayu Hinagata laid her hands on them, they glowed as if white-hot, sanctified with divine power.
⑳Hajakensho.⑳
⑳Crush evil, and demonstrate the righteous path!⑳
The grotesque lump of soot could no longer stop its body from falling apart.
It let out an ear-shattering scream as it swung its giant arms wildly in an attempt to take the two with it... but it had no hope of grasping them at all.
⑳You'll find that I'm not so restrained as my brother!⑳
She dodged the countless gusts created by the arms and slashed at them in a blinding flash!
There were eight of those arms.
They looked like eight giant snakes, looming tall over the two.
The fists were now nowhere to be seen. Each of the snakes opened a pair of gleaming red eyes.
⑳Now that it has lost its vessel and is attempting to maintain its shape, it is no wonder it would seek its original form.⑳
⑳Brother, what in the world is it?⑳
⑳To think it is this bitter from its defeat at Izumo... It is none other than the monster from the age of gods, slain by Susano'o-no-Mikoto...⑳
Yamata-no-Orochi—the eight-headed serpent of Koshi.
⑳Th-That means...!⑳
The anger and grudge of the giant monster slain during the age of gods had remained in this land as cursed soot.
Previously, it had acted as though it were bringing forth manifestations of the gods' curses... but that was all a deception.
It was all to gain revenge on Susano'o-no-Mikoto.
To curse and wreak vengeance on the land of the rising sun, created by Susano'o-no-Mikoto's parents, the gods Izanagi-no-Mikoto and Izanami-no-Mikoto.
⑳Its sole purpose in existence is to manifest the divine curse and bring suffering to the gods for all eternity!⑳
⑳You accursed snake monster! What audacity you have to possess the clan of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto! You shall know our wrath for disgracing our divine authority for a thousand years!⑳
The doe slashed at the monster with everything she had!
But no matter how many times Yamata-no-Orochi was sliced up, it regained its original form shortly thereafter.
Such malice! Such tenacity!
It shouldn't have been able to hold shape without a vessel, yet it was maintaining its form fueled solely by the rage it had stocked up since the age of gods!
⑳Do you mean to say my rage is not enough?! So be it! I shall strike you with all the wrath of a thousand years!⑳
(You mustn't let fury take hold of you!)
⑳Mayu Hinagata!⑳
(That monster grows by absorbing rage. I'm sure of it.)
(You can't win by striking it with hatred.)
⑳I see... Now I understand. Perhaps it too is another victim of the cursed soot that has continued to suffer since the age of gods.⑳
⑳But if we cannot face it with anger... then what emotion are we supposed to strike with?⑳
Joy? Sorrow?
They could never hope to defeat Yamato-no-Orochi. Not unless they found a reply to its grudge!
⑳I-I don't know! I don't know what to strike with!⑳
(What about gratitude, then?)
(What about gratitude, then?)
⑳Wh-Who was that?!⑳
⑳Su-Susuhara?! Wh-Why are you here?!⑳
⑳You should have been freed from Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse, yet you're still being corroded by hauntings.⑳
⑳Is this what's responsible for that?⑳
That was Suzumu Susuhara. No question about it.
But how?! How was he in this inner world?!
⑳Long ago—far longer than I can possibly imagine—you were slain. You resented that, and continued to curse ever since, didn't you?⑳
There was no anger, nor sorrow, nor sympathy in Suzumu's eyes.
Just appreciation for the being that had done nothing but curse—no, had known nothing but cursing—since the age of gods.
⑳You can finally rest now. Let yourself be at peace. For spending so long bearing that grudge... is a very harsh and painful curse.⑳
Yamata-no-Orochi howled. Its screams shook mountains.
Almost as if it were in denial of Suzumu's claims.
Like it couldn't admit that a part of itself was inclined to believe him.
⑳I won't ever deny your rage. I accept you and all of your ills. So I send you this feeling.⑳
...Gratitude.
⑳It is thanks to you that someone was finally able to recognize that the thousand years of rage she felt was in itself a curse.⑳
⑳It is thanks to you she realized that her cursing of humans meant that she herself was cursed.⑳
⑳So I offer you gratitude in Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's stead.⑳
⑳Thank you.⑳
⑳Thanks to you, we know the terror and futility of curses.⑳
⑳Susuhara...⑳
⑳Ms. Hinagata, Happy Birthday. Thank you for meeting us. Thank you for guiding us to each other.⑳
⑳Birth...day...?⑳
⑳You were swallowed by a haunting and led astray too, weren't you? Rest at ease. It's all over. Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto's curse, the mistakes of a thousand years ago—all of it.⑳
⑳What... have I...⑳
⑳Then it's... Today's...⑳
⑳Come on, Ms. Hinagata. Let's go back to the party.⑳
⑳You're coming too, of course. After all, you are part of Ms. Hinagata.⑳
⑳Suzumu... Susuhara...⑳
⑳No one... is a match for you. You're a ladykiller—no, a godkiller. Heh heh...⑳
Suzumu took them by their hands and guided them.
The door to the world of light opened, and Mayu Hinagata and the doe passed through, leaving the world of soot behind.
Once he'd seen them off...
...Suzumu turned back to the monster with an unconcerned smile.
The monster from the age of gods shuddered.
The monster whose battle had been recorded in legends trembled at the smile of a boy born thousands of years later.
For the boy had turned to face that monster of myth as though it were an old friend from grade school.
⑳It might be difficult for my humble fist to free you from a grudge held since the age of gods.⑳
⑳But perhaps it will allow you to forget your anger and rest, even if only for a little while.⑳
The monster roared with refusal. With denial.
Yamata-no-Orochi howled with all sorts of emotions in an attempt to reject Suzumu, but his smile didn't cloud one bit.
⑳Also, there's one last thing I must thank you for.⑳
⑳Thanks to you, I can always be with those I love, even now.⑳
⑳I'm grateful for that above all else.⑳
⑳Every time you recall your anger, I swear I'll always be there to console you, so you can forget it.⑳
Denial. Fear. Terror. Rejection. Refusal! Screams! Howls!
⑳Thank you. You are one of nature's precious creations and deserve to be acknowledged as such.⑳
⑳Good night. Rest in peace for a while.⑳
Divine light gathered in Suzumu's fist.
Its shine turned Yamata-no-Orochi's soot into dust, wind, and clouds, and scattered it across the vast earth.
The curse was not dead.
But it could forget its rage for a short while until it gathered again.
Until the day man's foolishness gathered it all in one place once more...
...
...
Mayu Hinagata and the doe held each other as they slowly rose from the swamp of soot.
They could see a bright light in the distant heavens.
They were now rising toward the sky through the swamp of soot into which they'd sunk before.
⑳Tell me something. What happened to me on that day?⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳I suppose there is no point in hiding it.⑳
The day when her classmates had thrown her that repulsive birthday party.
⑳You wanted to believe that they were truly your friends... and so you surrendered your body and heart to my haunting.⑳
⑳At that moment, your body's role as a prison of flesh ended.⑳
⑳...⑳
⑳So that means... I died that day, doesn't it?⑳
⑳Correct. However, our emotions synchronized at their roots, and so your soul was taken into my own.⑳
⑳No, that is misleading. That makes it sound as though I swallowed you.⑳
⑳We became one on that day...⑳
⑳Indeed.⑳
The doe had manifested as the curse of Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto on that day, fully expecting to carry out her thousand-year wish.
⑳However, you remonstrated me. You said I was not a curse, but rather a victim...⑳
And in that moment, she'd first developed the faintest of doubts about the nature of her anger and her thousand-year curse.
She had hoarded soot without limit, to bring about a calamity—had her means at some point supplanted her ends?
That moment was all it took to temporarily cut off the cursed soot's control.
And fortunately enough, the soot's influence had weakened slightly in isolation from the other four descendants.
For Rokugamihiko-no-Mikoto, who wished to save his sisters from the thousand-year curse, this truly was a once-in-a-millennium opportunity.
⑳Your words, the weakness created by the quintuplets spell, and my brother's undying affection. Those three miracles came together and freed me from the thousand-year curse.⑳
⑳Then I've been a ghost since that day?⑳
⑳No. I birthed and granted you your body with my divine powers.⑳
Mayu Hinagata's body should have been destroyed and vanished when the doe had manifested.
The doe had recreated it with her divine powers to serve as the new vessel for her soul.
So Mayu Hinagata had indeed lost her body back then.
But the doe had given her a new body immediately afterwards.
⑳So once your divine power is gone, my body will fade away, huh...⑳
⑳I do not regret that choice... But I am sure you must be reluctant to part.⑳
⑳Don't be ridiculous. My body doesn't mean a thing as long as my cute students at the LCSC can be happy.⑳
She'd used a secret art to bring back Suzumu Susuhara's soul for a brief time.
That secret art used up all her divine power, meaning her body once again faded away.
⑳To you—no.⑳
⑳To you -and- all the other sacrifices who lived their lives in pain these past thousand years due to our foolish anger... I deeply apologize.⑳
⑳Don't worry about it. It's all in the past.⑳
⑳I do feel terrible for all my ancestors who died without ever finding peace, of course. We'll need to pay our respects.⑳
⑳But we can't keep on passing down their suffering.⑳
Otherwise, their struggle to keep the curse sealed away within themselves for a millennium would have proved meaningless.
⑳Susuhara was right. We mustn't give in to thoughts of revenge or curses. I'm here right now thanks to my ancestors and all of their hardships, so I need to be grateful for that.⑳
⑳...Humans truly are stronger than gods. Their lives are short, so they recognize just how precious life is.⑳
⑳But even so, that is all the more reason I wish to apologize to you. Because of my hauntings, your heart... no, the hearts of your grandmother, mother, and your other ancestors were...⑳
Their hearts had been gravely wounded. Thus, even after they were freed from the hauntings, the persecution complex that remained tormented them to the end.
Even though Hinagata had made peace with the doe, hauntings still mercilessly assaulted her, just like today.
Though the doe wasn't cursing her, the scars in her heart still called forth such hauntings...
⑳Seriously, you don't have to worry about it. I'm not a pushover! Besides, I'm gonna make waves in the entertainment industry with my big debut as a beautiful witch idol!⑳
⑳The Beautiful Witch Idol's shocking debut!→Other idols feel threatened and badmouth new rival!→You can't make it as an idol if you let every last one of them hurt you!⑳
⑳...You certainly are strong.⑳
⑳Eh, I guess.⑳
⑳I suppose I could take over your body from time to time and go pay a visit to those who have brought you discomfort.⑳
⑳If you ever get the chance to punch that baldy vice-principal, make sure you don't forget the brass knuckles, okay?!⑳
⑳The light... You will be returning soon.⑳
⑳See you later, other me.⑳
⑳I do not know if we shall meet again... but I will always be watching over you.⑳
⑳Will I be unable to remember my time with you again when I get back to the real world?⑳
⑳With you being a human, my soul is on a different plane than yours. These memories could stay if I descended to your level... but I do not wish to.⑳
⑳Your body, heart, and soul were originally yours alone. That was taken away because of my foolish mistake.⑳
⑳You don't have to be so considerate.⑳
⑳I have my awareness as a god. I do not like needlessly meddling with the children of man.⑳
⑳But I get the sense the does of the other girls may have been rather obtrusive lately.⑳
⑳Goodness me. Then I suppose I will have to give them a good scolding someday...⑳
⑳Drop on by whenever you want. You and I are one in body and mind. You are me, and I am you.⑳
She could hear it. She could hear the LCSC badmouthing her again...
They were all mocking her. Scorning her. Jeering at her.
Their congratulations were warped into the most hurtful words.
The wonderful cake and presents they'd gotten her shapeshifted into macabre creations.
But wait...
Something felt different.
Was that a hand?
She could feel the warmth of someone gripping her hand.
Though everything else was distorted, she could sense kindness in that warm hand.
That was right. She would believe in this warmth, if nothing else.
She wouldn't listen to the distorted words. She wouldn't look at the distorted world.
She would entrust everything to this warmth...
⑳Mayuhin! Hey! Mayuhin!⑳
⑳Oh! She's come to!⑳
⑳Th-Thank goodness! Thank goodness you're awake, Ms. Hinagata! *sob*⑳
⑳Mmm...⑳
⑳Did it happen... again?⑳
⑳Yes... You collapsed due to a haunting.⑳
⑳That makes sense. This was by far one of the worst I've ever had...⑳
She was still a little lightheaded.
Though she'd only lost consciousness for a bit...
...she felt like she'd had an absurdly long daydream.
Now that she was awake, she couldn't tell just how much of it all had been a dream.
Just then, she felt that warm hand on hers again.
⑳Susu...hara...⑳
⑳You're all right now, Ms. Hinagata. I don't think you'll get another haunting for some time.⑳
⑳And how long is some time?⑳
⑳Mmm... Well, I suppose the definition differs for humans.⑳
⑳Huh? What are you talking about?⑳
⑳I was just saying that she should expect to feel better for a while.⑳
Suzumu had been holding her hand ever since she passed out.
She believed that was what had brought her back to the real world.
⑳Your haunting must have been really awful.⑳
⑳Don't be silly. It was nothing compared to the others'.⑳
⑳That's not true. I bet it was just as harsh and painful as any of Toé's.⑳
For some reason, it seemed as though Suzumu knew about Hinagata's haunting.
But she didn't find it all that strange. It only seemed natural that he knew.
⑳But Ms. Hinagata...⑳