⑳My hand—my warmth—got through to you, didn't it?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
(I see. Now I understand. How clever you are, Suzumu Susuhara.)
Mayu Hinagata's hauntings distorted her senses of sight and hearing.
But that was all.
They couldn't distort warmth.
⑳Could I have your attention for a minute, everyone?⑳
⑳Huh?⑳
⑳The things Ms. Hinagata sees and hears... are distorted by hauntings from time to time.⑳
⑳Even if we're talking normally to her, she occasionally hears the things we say as insults.⑳
⑳The cake we all made and the decorations in this room looked very hurtful to her as a result.⑳
⑳Is that... true?⑳
⑳You said from time to time... Does that mean it's already happened with us several times?⑳
⑳Yes. Perhaps even more frequently than we think.⑳
⑳No way... But Mayuhin always acts so positive...⑳
⑳No matter what negativity she experienced, she always trusted us and gave us her trademark smile.⑳
⑳Hinagata...⑳
⑳That's enough now, Susuhara. It's kinda embarrassing, and it's no big deal, so you don't need to make a mountain out of it...⑳
⑳Let me rephrase that, then. Ms. Hinagata is far kinder than anyone else. She's always suffered from terrible hauntings.⑳
⑳It would have been far easier for her to believe we really were saying all those awful things behind her back.⑳
⑳So even when we're just talking to you like this, you'll hear it as insults?⑳
⑳Well... when I'm not feeling well sometimes... Yeah.⑳
⑳Did you see our surprise party today... as something bad?⑳
⑳...Eheh heh heh...⑳
Hinagata tried to gloss things over with a smile, but the others could tell just how serious it had been.
⑳So you see, I just thought of a birthday present we can give her.⑳
⑳What's that?⑳
⑳Something like this.⑳
⑳Our... right hands?⑳
⑳It doesn't have to be a hand. Just let her feel your warmth.⑳
⑳Like this?⑳
Tsubakiko gently took Hinagata's hand into her own.
Hinagata could feel Tsubakiko's warmth, as well as her affection and appreciation for her teacher.
Kanae, Riria, and Toé joined in one after another.
Their warmth seeped into Hinagata.
Through that, she could tell exactly how they felt.
Even if the four of them were distorted into those vile creatures laughing at her... their warmth and true feelings could never be distorted.
⑳So this will save Hinagata from her hauntings?⑳
Toé brought her face close and pressed her cheek softly against Hinagata's.
The others all did the same.
They were almost a little too warm.
But their feelings came through without a single distortion.
Once she gave in to that warmth, the warped world suddenly faded away.
⑳I'd like for us all to get in the habit of holding onto Ms. Hinagata when we talk to her from now on.⑳
⑳That way, she can rest easy without having to worry about someone saying bad things about her.⑳
⑳Piece of cake!⑳
⑳Heck, I'm all about skin-to-skin contact! I'm cool with it as long as Ms. Hinagata is!⑳
⑳Oh, I'm sure you have plenty of experience with skin contact, Ms. Bakiko the Slaughterer.⑳
⑳You wanna take this outside?⑳
⑳Hinagata's cheek is so warm. It's almost too hot.⑳
⑳That's just how strongly she feels right now.⑳
That warmth was her true, unvarnished feelings.
Hot tears streamed down Hinagata's cheeks.
At that moment, Mayu Hinagata's hauntings—no.
Not just hers. The thousand-year chain of hauntings that ran through Mayu Hinagata's ancestry... was finally broken.
Just then, Suzumu's cellphone rang.
⑳Oh, it's Natsu. Hello?⑳
⑳Yeah. We're having Ms. Hinagata's birthday party right now. Oh, that's right, you're at a friend's birthday party too, right?⑳
⑳Tell Natty he's gonna have to pony up his share of the party budget in the near future.⑳
⑳Magical Lily made it all the way here, but you didn't show! You're the meanest brother in the whole world, Natsuya!⑳
Natsuya sounded like he was making an uproar on the other end of the line.
⑳Hee hee. Natsuya really is a good guy.⑳
⑳He finds a way to fire things up even when he's not here. What a character.⑳
⑳Huh? You want us to look on top of the cleaning locker?⑳
Everyone looked up at the cleaning locker... and noticed there had been a beautifully wrapped box up there all along!
⑳Huh? That's your present for Ms. Hinagata? Wow, that's amazing, Natsu. You kept it hidden for today?⑳
⑳Ooh. Nice going, Atsuta. You just got those points back.⑳
⑳It's sad you couldn't be here, but thanks for the present, Atsuta!⑳
⑳You could learn a thing or two from him, Suzumu...⑳
⑳Aha ha ha... I'll work on it.⑳
The surprise party was capped off by a surprise present from Natsuya.
⑳I wonder what it could be?!⑳
⑳It's a pretty small box. I'm surprised.⑳
⑳But that makes me think it's actually gonna be something really good.⑳
⑳This is Natty we're talking, so I'm sure it's a rare card or something.⑳
⑳Wow, is that a velvet box? Could it be a ring?!⑳
⑳A giant diamond ring?!→No Atsuta, we can't do it, we're student and teacher!→So at least wait until you've graduated! Eheh, just kidding!⑳
In the end, Natsuya's real present was on the shelf next to the blackboard.
The velvet box contained a note indicating the present's true location.
However... the present was a small jack-in-the-box that scared Hinagata right out of her seat.
However, she cried tears of joy.
As if that had been Natsuya's way of conveying his warmth to her.
⑳That's Natsu for you. He really is a wonder.⑳
⑳Put some of that respect aside and do the same to me, Suzumu.⑳
⑳You want me to get you a jack-in-the-box for your birthday? Well, okay then. I'll get you one that'll shock you really good.⑳
⑳Mgh... Mmmmmmmmmmph!⑳
⑳Huh? What's wrong? Why are you pouting? I don't get it! Please tell me!⑳
⑳Okay, now this is a bit sudden, but I'd like to hold a wrestling tournament!⑳
⑳It'll be a no rope, no mat, no referee, no time limit, and no holds barred match!⑳
⑳Suzumu and Kurokami's 'Die Normies!' team versus the 'Sorry I Have No Birthday Plans' team!⑳
⑳I take it I'm the captain of that team...?⑳
⑳No more words, Ms. Hinagata! Remember, we're letting our bodies do the talking!⑳
⑳KUROKAMI! DON'T HOG SUZUMU TO YOURSELF! RRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!⑳
⑳Bring it on! Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!⑳
⑳Whoa! Guys, cut it out!⑳
⑳Let's go, Mayuhin! Suzumun's down! Finish him off!⑳
⑳...Eheh heh, eheh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh!⑳
With a cheerful smile, Hinagata kicked off the blackboard like an impromptu rope into a forward somersault high in the air!
⑳Th-There it is! Mayuhin's flying finisher! A topé con giro!⑳
⑳*commotion*⑳
⑳I would be sho happy if you came to undershtand that too, Princessh Elice!⑳
⑳Now you'll never be lonely again. You've jusht become part of a big caring family.⑳
Nothing in thish world ish more shacred and wonderful than familial love.
Romantic love ish held up ash the most shacred love of all, but when you really think about it, it'sh bashed on the unshtable shcale known ash lusht. Repulshive, wouldn't you shay?
Romance and the like are nothing but fancy garmentsh to drape over lusht.
And at the end of that rampage liesh divorce and the deshtruction of familial love. Repulshive, utterly repulshive!
⑳It ish my belief that familial love ish true love that transhcendsh the differencesh between man and woman.⑳
⑳In order to liberate mankind from the evil passhion known ash lusht, the differencesh between man and woman that formsh itsh root musht be shubjugated.⑳
⑳That ish why I wish to preach the beauty of familial love!⑳
Ugh. Gross. Does he fancy himself a philosopher or something?
Whatever, guess I'll just play along. Whatever puts him in a good mood.
⑳The resht of the family you'll meet at my cashtle alsho have beautiful shpotsh.⑳
⑳Thish ish a vital initiation for you to join the Caterpillarland family...⑳
⑳I'll etch magnificent shpotsh on you... perfect for my new Caterpillarland family...⑳
⑳And when I do... your mind and body will belong to our family...⑳
Before long, eerie and repulsive spots of brilliant colors surfaced from within the lump.
At this rate, my whole body truly would be covered in those disgusting caterpillar spots...
Lumps...? No, that wasn't right. My whole body was swelling up.
By now... I was already... a caterpillar monster...
...
...covered in repulsive dark-red spots, like a caterpillar's.
⑳You mustn't be deceived by that 'love for love's sake' drivel flooding the streets.⑳
⑳I spent the night chatting with everyone in Mr. Tanaka's family.⑳
⑳But believe me when I say it was a wonderful discussion! I'll be sure to bring you along next time, okay?⑳
⑳You'll be stuffing yourself with cheese and familial love before you know it!⑳
⑳The whole family eating together... now this is familial love!⑳
⑳And the bigger the family, the tastier the meal!⑳
⑳I couldn't have said it better! You really know what you're talking about, Mr. Tanaka!⑳
Personally, I'd be much more relaxed eating on my own than putting up with this nonsense.
I'm not sure if he died in battle or went into exile, but whatever the case, the queen bee was buried in grief.
I just didn't get her. Even though she did nothing but fight with him while he was around, she started wailing like a baby after he left us.
Then one day, the Ssech King suddenly appeared to her.
The Ssech King—no, Mr. Tanaka was in the enviable position of being prosperous without having to work. It seemed to involve real estate income or something.
At first, I thought she'd gone out and found herself her own lover too, not to be outdone by Dad, but apparently that wasn't the case.
From what I could tell as a woman myself, she displayed no sexual interest whatsoever in Mr. Tanaka.
It seemed he extolled the sanctity of familial love or whatever in an attempt to bring the bliss of harmony back to our fatherless house.
That seemed to fill the hole in Mom's heart, to the point where she now truly considered Mr. Tanaka family.
Mr. Tanaka was quite amiable to the two of us and encouraged us to see him that way.
To me... that was more disgusting than any sexual motives, in a sense.
The familial love Mr. Tanaka spoke of was to treat others and be treated in turn like family, despite the lack of any blood relations.
He thought of it as something sacred that not even lovers could infringe upon.
Mom was apparently good with that and had no objections to Mr. Tanaka's family... but I couldn't say the same.
That was why... I found treating Mr. Tanaka like family...
...an utterly revolting notion.
Of course, I knew he didn't have any ill will, so I couldn't just reject him outright.
What's more, Mom had already found herself a new ⑳family⑳ she treasured more than Dad.
...And she was her own person.
She had the right to bury the sorrow from her lost love and take a new path in life however she pleased.
So I wanted to honor that... and keep my own right to do the same.
Thus, I no longer held any particular attachments to this home.
Fortunately, Mom had been leaving me food money ever since she started going to Mr. Tanaka's ⑳family associations⑳ all the time.
That, plus the allowance Mr. Tanaka would give me when he was in a good mood, were valuable sources of income.
Kanae's mother, fraught with heartbreak after her the loss of her husband... found a man who could fill that hole in her heart—a man who began frequenting the Minobe family home.
They said he gave excellent advice on life's problems and helped others with broken hearts.
But according to the rumors, he was a con-artist who would make his victims dependent on him... only to take their homes and all of their assets.
Decades ago, it had been a popular technique to brainwash the impressionable and initiate them into fishy new religions, only to take all they owned as alms.
It applied perfectly to this situation. Just replace ⑳religion⑳ with ⑳family.⑳
⑳She sheemsh to be having a blasht at the family asshociation, sho I'm here in her place!⑳
⑳People get lonely without family around, don't they?⑳
I wasn't looking for family. Not with him, at least.
⑳I'm surprised they still have anything to talk about at those family associations.⑳
⑳Much like your mom, all of them have overcome painful pashtsh and become part of the family.⑳
⑳Only thoshe who have shuffered like her can truly undershtand the pain she carriesh.⑳
⑳That'sh how new familiesh are formed.⑳
These family associations were gatherings of people much like us.
Divorced or bereaved people plagued by great emotional turmoil to whom Mr. Tanaka had also appeared in their darkest hours.
He would then preach to them about familial love, tell them to join his new family, and invite them all to live with him at his house.
I actually went there once.
However...
...something just wasn't right about it.
Everyone smiled from ear to ear.
But when Mr. Tanaka turned his back to them... they'd all get this strange, lifeless look in their eyes.
Though they were all beaming when Mr. Tanaka was around... something felt wrong with them when he wasn't.
No... even their smiles seemed somewhat gloomy.
They were all pale-skinned, as though it'd been ages since they'd last seen the light of day.
And besides... why did the house always smell so rotten?
How did Mom never notice that chill that roused all the senses?
...
Ever since I noticed it... Mr. Tanaka's smile started feeling a bit creepy.
Whoops, I couldn't be saying that bit out loud. I had to be friendly with my chief source of income.
For the allowance from Mr. Tanaka's wallet would become my travel funds for the day I embarked on my new adventure.
⑳Leave tonight'sh dinner to me. I've already placed the order.⑳
My whole body was burning up like I'd caught a cold.
⑳Then let's square our account, shall we?⑳
⑳After all, I bet a million yen on our match.⑳
⑳Wait... then that means I have to pay you a million yen?⑳
⑳I... don't have that much money...⑳
⑳Oh, don't get the wrong idea, Kanae! I'm not going to ask you to pay with your body instead or anything like that!⑳
⑳There's no way you have a million yen. So you can just settle for all the money you have on hand.⑳
⑳You mean... all the allowance I've saved up until now...?⑳
⑳I'd say it's quite the bargain, given how high the actual bet was. Wouldn't you agree?⑳
Mmm... Good point.
I forked over the cash envelopes I'd kept in my adventurer's bag, my mind still in a daze.
Oh boy... I'm broke.
I'll have to start saving from scratch all over again...
⑳You were saving this money so you could leave this house... weren't you?⑳
...So he saw right through me, huh.
⑳I'm sorry. I've been so occupied with your mom that I've neglected to care for you.⑳
⑳I can wager a guess how you must have felt all this time.⑳
⑳No, it's... it's whatever. I don't really care.⑳
⑳It's true that you make Mom happy.⑳
⑳So really... You don't have to mind me.⑳
⑳I can't do that.⑳
⑳Because I know how you feel. I know you feel like I've stolen your family.⑳
H-Huh...? Was Mr. Tanaka always this cool?
His words stuck in my dazed mind like a memorable quote from a movie star.
⑳The reason I took all of your allowance...⑳
⑳...was because I didn't want you to lose your family.⑳
⑳Mmm?⑳
⑳To lose familial love is to lose sight of all the love in this world.⑳
⑳I feel awful for making you feel like you had to leave your own family just because you weren't comfortable with me.⑳
⑳So now it's your turn.⑳
⑳...For what?⑳
⑳Your mom has already decided to be part of our family. And so...⑳
⑳...I sincerely wish for you to join our family as well.⑳
He said I should be properly dressed...
...for when I officially met the whole ⑳family.⑳
Now that I'd lost all my adventure funds, I no longer had anywhere to go.
Which meant that the ⑳family⑳ were the only ones who'd give me meals for free.
And so I was being taken...
...to where Mom—where the ⑳family⑳—was.
But I didn't feel particularly broken up about it.
Honestly, nothing felt real due to the dazed floaty feeling I'd had for a while.
I wondered what it could be, but came up empty-handed.
⑳All families have their own ways of initiating their new arrivals—like marriages and births—right?⑳
⑳Our family wants to value that as well.⑳
⑳Because our family isn't bound by blood, we want to carve our bonds deep... You see?⑳
What was he talking about?
Oh well. Who cares?
Mr. Tanaka sure was a good person. I couldn't believe he wanted someone like me in his family.
Plus, in the end, saving up allowance to leave home wasn't a realistic plan to begin with.
Children live with their families and get fed for free. That's just how it works.
I was just being childish by saying it'd be revolting to live with Mr. Tanaka...
...
⑳This is... where my mom is?⑳
Wow, look at this place! What a magnificent mushroom room!
A giant mushroom just begged me to jump on it.
I dove on it like a trampoline! Aha ha, what was this? It was so soft and bouncy!
The Ssech King started readying some strange implements in the meantime.
I'd never seen anything like them before. Were those needles? Painting tools?
Oh well. Like it mattered.
⑳All shet. Let'sh get shtarted, okay?⑳
⑳Started... with what...?⑳
(N-No, not him, the caterpillar monster... B-But that's Mr. Tana—huh? Huh?)
⑳Ah...⑳
Mr. Tanaka was towering over me with his upper half bared.
And on his skin... was a large, repulsive, garishly colored caterpillar tattoo.
⑳You see, this is what binds our family together.⑳
⑳E-Eeek...⑳
⑳Your own dad was supposed to have sworn to spend the rest of his life with your mom when they got married.⑳
⑳But he cheated on her, didn't he?⑳
⑳The thing about people is that invisible bonds can't bind them.⑳
⑳Which is why, in our case...⑳
⑳...we etch a clearly visible bond that can never be removed.⑳
D-Did he mean... that garish... spotted... caterpillar?
H-He was trying... t-to tattoo... that monster on me?!
Wait... What? My mind... was getting hazy... again...
⑳It won't hurt so much if you're not fully conscious for this.⑳
⑳Just relax and lie down. I'll make it look cool.⑳
I-I had to get out of here. Right now!
But my mind... My mind was...
⑳Come now, Princessh Elice, join our Caterpillarland family!⑳
⑳I've almost got your mom in my clutches, too! She's just got cold feet when it comes to getting the mark, of all things.⑳
⑳But once she learns that her own daughter has gotten the tattoo first, she'll take the leap!⑳
⑳After that, I'll add you and your mom to my new family, then sell your house and everything you own!⑳
⑳You want to be happy with your mom, don't you?! Don't you?!⑳
⑳You'll get fed every day! You'll have a place to take your baths and sleep! Doesn't sound so bad, does it?!⑳
⑳You'll enjoy living with everyone, I'm sure of it. And all you have to do is obey my every command!⑳
⑳I won't throw you in the punishment room so long as you never defy me!⑳
He was simply drawing on the surface of the doll with a needle and machine.
It seemed he'd never tire of creeping about my skin.
...
...
When I came to, the Ssech King had regained his human legs.
⑳Congratulationsh, Princessh Elice! Now you are a beautiful caterpillar!⑳
⑳Out of all the caterpillarsh I've done sho far, you are my greatesht mashterpiece!⑳
⑳...⑳
My whole body burned as though it were swelling.
I didn't even need to look at a mirror to tell I'd already been turned into a monster...
...
...
...
It was raining quietly outside.
I didn't remember how or when I'd left that place.
I barely managed to put on my uniform and dazedly made my way down an alley I didn't recognize.
An outsider would only see an exhausted girl staggering around.
But it was so much worse than that...
⑳...⑳
⑳I can't go home ever again... right?⑳
I'd given Mr. Tanaka the envelopes my money had come in, but it turned out to be a blessing in disguise that I kept the cash in my wallet elsewhere.
The girl with deer antlers laughed scornfully as she spoke...
The heartbroken mother welcomed a suspicious man who healed her wounds with sweet words and cajolery into her home.
Then she surrendered her heart, not realizing that the man intended to sink his fangs into her daughter as well.
Minobe saw how happy her mother was, so she dutifully endured the man's infringement on the sanctuary she called home.
But that man was a repulsive demon who preyed on heartbroken souls, manipulating their hearts to nourish himself...
She'd known that. That was why she'd saved money so she could live on her own at any time.
⑳People are happy living with their familiesh! They can't live on their own!⑳
⑳All of your classhmatesh live comfortably blanketed by their parentsh' love.⑳
⑳Sho why are you the only one who hash to live all alone in poverty?!⑳
Indeed. He didn't need to point out how unfair it was.
Why was she the only one who had to suffer such injustice?
All of her classmates got along with their parents, living rent-free in their homes.
They were fed, given allowance, and didn't have to pay any of the bills!
So why did she alone have to start making a living entirely on her own, wading through filth just to survive?! It wasn't fair!
⑳Even adultsh find it too shad and painful to live on their own. There'sh no love to be found!⑳
⑳Sho why doesh a girl like you, who should shtill be depending on her mother, have to put up with that kind of life?!⑳
⑳Sho join my Caterpillarland family!⑳
⑳You'll shoon undershtand jusht how wrong you were to refushe the generoshity of shtrangersh who offered to take you in ash their own!⑳
He'd said she could be part of their family! And her mother would be there, too!
And yet they would fight with their parents without a shred of gratitude! They had the gall to say they'd run away from home!
No matter how sordid the parent, it was a blessing to have a roof over your head! A place to sleep! Meals for free!
This man was right! Familial love conquered all! Families were wonderful! Glory to families!
The man gripping Kanae by the shoulder and trying to drag her down a filthy alley was shocked at Suzumu's sudden appearance.
⑳Th-This punk punched me the hell out!⑳
It showed a photo of the man grabbing Kanae's shoulder with a vulgar smile.
No matter how you looked at it, it depicted a middle-aged man forcing a reluctant girl down an alley against her wishes.
No one who saw it would listen to any excuses he offered to the contrary!
And on top of that, it was at his own tattoo parlor! He'd be done for sure if he were caught trying to bring a minor in there!
Hinagata grinned impishly as she snapped a photo of them.
A boy and girl in a shopping district at night! Clearly an illicit relationship no matter how you spun it!
Hinagata gestured for her to roll up her shirt.
And so Kanae timidly did as she was told, baring her stomach.
That disgusting caterpillar... was nowhere to be found.
But this time... she wanted to help her mother.
Kanae felt she'd never seen eye-to-eye with her mother due to their poor relationship.
...But at the end of the day, her mother had never forgotten to pay for her food, nor had she ever denied her their home.
Because no matter how poor their relationship was... they were still family.
Princess Elice of the Arkanae Minobe Kingdom was tough.